Welcome back to another episode of podcast and Color of The Podcast. I thought I was gonna <laugh> be on time with the last episode, which was due two weeks ago. Um, but I left part of my audio in Denver when I went to New York and <laugh> then I asked the guests to send me his half and he did, but I still had issues trying to put it all together and get it out. So I just decided to come and the next scheduled day. And here I am. I've had a bad cold this past week. Um, but I'm surviving um, so I might sound a little bit sick, just letting you know I sound different to you um, from usual. It's been a while since I've been here. RIP to the buzzfeed team. Um, you turned out some great podcasts and of course that's why I know of and Love Jenna of Pineapple Street media. Another round was a life changer for me and a lot of other women and I hope all the women who came through the pod squad team land on their feet and on other great podcastings because they're great producers and the things they put together are really great if you want to support the pod squad team. Um, there are people still at buzzfeed working on the podcast they have scheduled through the end of the season. So podcasts like Thursday kid, you can't go and support and that is supporting the teams that are still working at buzzfeed. I was in New York for two weeks um, while I was in New York. I was able to attend a few different podcasts events. I was able to go to get Ingrown live in Philadelphia. Um, the He-man woman haters club that was in New York City. I was also able to attend the gifted towns network celebration um, of their one year I was able to meet Mickey of wandering blurts who has done episodes out of Denver and on Denver and spends time here. Um, it was a reminder that there are podcasts being created all around us and it started maybe in Brooklyn and going to an event there to find out about a person who does podcasts that cover Denver and some of the local things we have here that deal with black people. A new podcast network was started by Ayana, um, who runs the current podcasts switch, pivot or quit. And I'll read this from her Linkedin posts on starting Maisie media. The first production from Maisie media is a podcast titled A Milli launched on September, 25th, A Milli takes listeners behind the scenes with women who have amassed 1 million plus in business. It's eight episodes of No Fluff first person narratives highlighting women who collectively have more than $60, million in annual revenue, $5, million in social followers, and have a mass more than $160 million in funding, which is a major accomplishment considering it was reported in 2017 that only two percent of venture capital dollars went to female founders. I link her Linkedin post um, talking about Maisie media and what the network would do, um, in the episode notes so that you can click and check out her podcast which pivot or quit and the first podcast on Maisie media, A Milli. Congratulations to dr Joy who just celebrated 2 million downloads in under two years, her first year completing full Therapy For Black Girls was in April of this year. So that is a feat that I haven't seen done by many, especially in the independent space. So congrats to dr joy and the Therapy For Black Girls podcasts. And, if you haven't checked it out, obviously, obviously you can see that other people are taking to it and it is spreading fast. So a great podcast to checkout or share with others that you think it could help. There are only a few <laugh> white women in podcasting that like, I truly, really fuck with. Women, that if they pulled that thing, that, that chick pulled on twitter the other night uh, you know, where the N words of whatever I would be really sad. And Carrie of PRX is one of those people only Carrie of PRX <laugh> giving a talk about Google podcast in a nice way. Lately, you know, since they announced their new foray into podcasting this summer, um, I'm talking about how much they aren't doing or what I don't think is gonna be great about what they're doing because it didn't feel like they were really trying. Well, it was announced this week that Google podcasts is teaming up with PRX. This is from the tech crunch article on PRX teaming up with Google. PRX is teaming up with Google, the idea is to focus on empowering and training underrepresented people offering free educational tools and showcasing their work as a part of the program which kicks off in January, 12 teams will receive seed funding, training and mentorship. Those who are interested can apply until November, 18th. And of course I'll link that to, I'll link that in the show notes. So it saying they're going to have 12 teams. All teams are gonna receive seed funding, training and mentorship. So uh, it looks like they're almost doing, it feels like they're almost doing what Spotify was kind of doing before, but not, not necessarily focusing just on women um, and they're doing it in a bigger way. Um, I don't have more information on this, maybe I'll inquire to see if somebody like to do an interview to talk about this a little bit more, but it sounds interesting and I do hope you all apply. So of course, as I said, I'll link that in the show notes. Um, so that you can apply and look to see more information on it. Um, I literally only read up on this um, as I was writing the intro to this episode only to find out my other babbage, which is Jennifer Pineapple Street, um, the part am always mentioning is doing this. And um, if you look on the PRX application um, on the bottom, it says if you go to their website for this, um, outside of the tech crunch article, and if you just wanna go to that site right now, it would be google.cP.prx.org, Google C as in cat, P as in Paul, Dot p, r x.org. And if you scroll to the bottom, it says advisory committee um, is Genna Wise Berman, the co-chair and Ahmed Dashi is a co-chair, um, who I haven't heard of. Um, it's Genna Wise Berman of the co-founder of Pineapple Street media. If you scroll all the way down, you'll see on the bottom the advisory committee, so it looks like the people that will be choosing everyone after they submit is Genna Wise Berman. She's a co-chair um, of course she's the Co-founder of Pineapple Street media. And then the other person is a Ahmed Dashi who was the other co-chair, and he is a serial entrepreneur who had started companies and the technology and consumer Internet space. He's now branded out to start IVM podcast that focuses on making podcasts lots of podcasts. He wants IVM podcast to be the premier destination for spoken word content in <inaudible>. So in working with Carrie at PRX and Jenna at Pineapple Street, I mean those are the two people I would pick if I was to do something. So anyhow, moving on, I'll be in Boston the first weekend in November for the sound education conference, talking about building online communities and I'm thinking about doing a meetup. Anybody in Boston let me know. I mean even if there's only one person I am down to meet up, go to breakfast or maybe go get a drink or something. It's hard for me to take in content about police killings, movies, books, any of it. Um, but if you heard about the Van Dyke trial out of Chicago, there is a podcast covering it called 16 shots and I will link that in the episode notes. They've been covering the entire trial and most likely will cover the verdict that happened last week. The hashtag pods in color has been used over sixty thousand times on Instagram and I wanna thank you all for uh, using the hashtag on Instagram and your post in your stories really using it allover social media Twitter it's been used so many times, Facebook it's used a lot, I appreciate it, I appreciate you spreading the word um, Instagram is a huge place for podcast and the hashtag kept this people fine other podcast and uh, then they find, you know, the community of podcast and fellows so I appreciate you using pods and color. Please keep using it, it really does help. Today's interview is with FavyFav of Latinos Who Lunch. I have really fun talking to him. I hope you enjoy this interview and he'll be in Colorado later this month. So if I organize a meetup or anything while he's in town, of course I'll put that on the next podcast and across my social media. So to start with, thank you for joining me today. And what do you like to go by? I noticed, this is one thing that I notice with people is that like if you don't have to say your name or anything a lot, like you don't assign like people assume or no, and I was like, I don't, I don't know what is most comfortable thing. Uh, uh, you know what? I don't even, I don't even know anymore. That's the status bar. <laugh> I don't even know who I am Barry help me. <laugh> What is your name? Um. <laugh> What does people call you? Well, my legal name is Justin Favela, but my, my internet name is FavyFav. Okay. So in FavyFav is like my high school nickname that just kind of stuck. So um, a lot of people call me Favy. That's my, that's, that's uh, you can call me Favy or Justin. Okay. Well I call you Favy in my head and I feel like I'm not sure what I called you when we were in person, but in my head that's what I call you. Like when I see you don't like it, it's probably five. <laugh> Okay.Yeah, you can call me that. That's cool. Okay <laugh> Um, so I went, I always want to be comfortable people because I know I go by Barry, of course my real name is Danielle, but people always shorten it and I'm just like, but I have a name you can shorten, it's Barry <laugh> just like I have a nickname. We're good. Um, <laugh> Okay, so Favy, what is your social media where people, where can people find you? Well, they can find me on all social media platforms at FavyFav that's f a v Y, f a V and um, I was really a big Flavor Flave fan back in the day. <laugh> So <laugh> that's where that came from. <laugh> Still coming through. Still coming through. <laugh> Yeah. <laugh> Well I have to say I do love your social media, I think, I mean, at least to me it seems like your Instagram is biggest or less where I see like the most engagement that like everyone in your pictures that pops up, it's like hundreds of likes and people are like, I love it. Give us more. <laugh> I know it's all a lie. <laugh> <laugh> The curated life of Instagram. Oh my Gosh isn't that the truth? It's something um, so. Oh, do you have your phone out? That's what I forgot to ask you before we started. Absolutely. Okay. So if you can open your phone and tell me what podcast App or Apps do you use? Well, I mostly use Stitcher. Okay. Um, and um, I'm an early adapter of Stitcher, so I don't like change. <laugh> <laugh> So um, I keep using Stitcher. Um, but now I've found that the purple APP, as you call it, the podcast APP is improved a little bit because it doesn't download the podcast right to my phone, like it used to, which was so annoying. Oh yeah, used to autodownload. I was telling people that was like the hardest thing for a while, when the custom thing, was it autodownloaded anything you subscribed to. Yeah, so I've been using the Purple app for a few podcasts that aren't on Stitcher and then I use Spotify also. Mhh, I love it somebody like everybody gets on here and they just do one podcast app. So I feel like you're one of few people that had a couple of different ones that they use regularly. Like… Oh no, because sometimes like the read doesn't post on Stitcher right away, but it's on sound cloud or the, you know what I mean? We're all like that. I feel like it might be the reason keeping us on sound cloud a little bit. <laugh> Like I swear there's so many people that are like, you know, it's just like that first 20 minutes. It's only on sound cloud. So I had to keep sound cloud around <laugh> <laugh>. Yeah, it depends on my day, like if I need it, you know, I go right to sound cloud. <laugh> If you know what's up and you have the time, you need it to be there. Right then I understand. Mhh. So okay, with Stitcher, do you do Stitcher premium at all? Or are you just on the free side of Stitcher? No, I'm on the free side. I don't, I'm not paying for that. No Way. <laugh> They already put Ads in in between podcast. Why would I pay for it? Like I don't know, I think, yeah. They're trying to do like original programming and stuff, but… Yeah, it's, it's been a while. I'm gonna, I'm gonna have a late episode coming um, which would be the episode that actually before this where I kind of input some stuff from one of their Stitcher podcast talking about their premium. But yeah, I've had it like, my thing is I've seen them developing, um, like they have a couple of black podcast coming out but there's one coming out tomorrow and then one October on the premium side and they've done some before, but it's just like a couple. So it was like if I have hundreds of podcasts out that are free, what makes me wanna go sign up for just like three or four podcasts behind a paywall. I don't know, it's Kind of hard. But… Yeah, It is what it is. I always try to see if other people do premium or if I'm just the hater this like why would I pay more? <laugh> I think we're just both haters. <inaudible> <laugh> We could be, we could be. Okay. So we know what podcasts Apps, do you use a few, couple different Apps? Um, can you give me some of the podcasts that you're subscribed to across the Apps? Oh my gosh. Okay. Um, well let me just open it up and see. You know, what I don't like about Stitcher right now they totally changed it. So I had a custom order before… Mh. And now it's doing it like by episodes… Mhh. Like by the newest episodes and or I can go by shows and that is the custom order. But anyway, let's see. So I have right now on my, on the top of my shows on Stitcher, unravel a fashion podcast. Um, let's see. dr Death is a new podcast by Wondery about this white man that's just killing people and nobody's checking them because white people get away with everything. Um, let's see. Insecurity. Yeah. Um, whimsically volatile it's a podcast with Katia, the drag… Any, pretty much any uh, podcasts with drag queens I'm listening to it. So that's the following couple unbearable with Big Dipper and Meatball, Race Chasers with Alaska Thunderfuck and Willem, podcasts and color, The podcasts. Thank you. <laugh> Mhh. Marsha played a sibling rivalry with Bob The drag Queen and Monique's change. So yeah, those are just a few… Mhh. Um, from my list. Okay. Well I like that, that's pretty obviously like outside of what I would normally listen to. There's a few on that list like Marsha's played, I've been turning into, but the rest not really. So is that more because of Rupaul's drag race or that's just your life in that's, like what attracts you to those podcasts? Yeah, I'm a huge Rupaul's drag race. <laugh> So anything. Yeah. So that's what I used to do back in the day. Like if I found a drag queen I loved, I would just, you know, put it in the search. Um, I know you can do that with like different podcast Apps. You can search for somebody's name and just see all the podcasts that pop up. Mhh. And I would just listen to every single… That's how I found a lot of these podcasts. Mhh. Um, so yeah, it's uh, definitely uh, Rupaul's drag race fan. Not so much a RuPaul fan recently <laugh> <laugh> A lot behind that <laugh> Mh, mh, but um, definitely, he's, he's definitely made an impact when it's come to a visibility for, for this drag culture. So yeah. Oh yes. So I mean we're seeing where it goes. I see that like his way is gonna be just the float through this and anything <laugh> anybody has to say about how he feels about things. So that's something <laugh> going on. Um, okay. So in all of those, even if it's ones that you didn't mention, um, in the App that you were talking about subscribe to. Do you have a podcast top five? Oh my gosh, I was dreading this part. <laugh> I think you know what, I wrote it down because I really thought about it. Let me look. Let me look. Okay. Okay. Top five and this is just like you said, um, Latinos Who Lunch when I talked to you. <laugh> <laugh> Um, this is the top five now, right now… Mh. That I'm like the most excited about and we already know we're the biggest fans of the read, so I'm not gonna include the read. Okay. Okay. So I got uh, from Dallas, Texas. I love De Colores radio. Okay. Um, De Colores collective. They're awesome. And they talk, they do like hot topics and then they'll interview somebody. Um, and then we have of course Tea with Queen and J. Oh my gosh. I am so happy that um, I went to your meetup in Harlem Yess. And I met Genisia and I started listening to the podcast right after, literally on the subway back to, to Queens. <laugh> <laugh> And I've been listening to it ever since. Owe, I'm glad. I mean I try to do those things and they usually end up being small and I'm like, anybody could come, but like it just kind of brings another layer to inside <inaudible> and meeting somebody else in podcasting and then, you know, having other information and I see even Genesio loves <inaudible> podcast now, so like, you know, it's just the whole connection. I was like, I love that because you all both talk about things that are you know, true to you and the things you like, but it connects to each other. So I just, I loved that it was a connection made um, in the podcast. Oh my gosh. They am like I'm going to New York soon. I might. I'm in Portland, Maine right now. I'm going to New York on Monday and in, in a week and um, I'm excited because I think we're gonna maybe do a little podcast crossover I'm gonna interview them Uuhh So really nervous. <laugh> <laugh> I'm excited. Okay. So, I mean this is Dockers, but of course I listened to your podcast so I um, heard you know, that you're gonna be in New York. I'm gonna be in New York too, so I think we'll be there at the same time. I get there next Wednesday because I think you said you were there for a little while. Um, yeah. Yes. I think we're gonna be in New York together again. Just letting you know. <laugh> <inaudible> Let's do a meet up Okay, cool. I'm with it. So I'm excited about all of that and thank you for coming to the branch and he's talking about a branch. I was in New York earlier and I give anybody the option to come. I usually pick a branch place and say, did you know, come branch me, let's meet up. And it's just usually just a few people, like five or six people and we talk about everything we like and everybody likes podcasts. So it's a normal thing nobody's like explaining what's going on. <laugh> It's just a deep conversation and by the end you have a whole bunch of new podcast to try because we've talked about them the entire time. So just something if I'm in town or if anybody is in town, they offered to talk about podcasts, go it's fun at least to me. Um… Yeah, it was great. And I, you know, I wasn't sure like uh, uh, if, you know, a lot of times as like a white Latino. I'm like, I don't know if I belong in this space, but I was like, fuck it, I love it Barry I'm gonna go. Oh please, like… <laugh> <laugh> Am gonna see what happens. Anybody I would have loved it, could have been just <inaudible>. I'm like, I'm looking at a person that if one person shows up to something I do, like, we are at least gonna be able to talk. Like I'm not going to be talking to myself. So <laugh> At least I have that. Okay. So we did mention your podcast, which is called Latinos Who Lunch and I was on your podcast earlier this year when you were visiting Denver. Yeah. Um, so can you tell us a little bit about your podcast? Yeah, well I didn't finish my top five yet. <laugh> Oh, I'm sorry. Look at me interrupting the thing. There we go. <laugh> Well Okay, well let me just do it again. So De Colores radio… Then t v q and j that's where we got stopped. <laugh>. Mh, mh. Then there's this podcast with two drag queens in, in New York, uh, Grizzly Kiki. They're both Latinas, they're hilarious. Uh, then, uh, I love my music podcast, my Latino music podcasts or radio Menea and song Mess. I'm always listening to those two. I see song Mess so much lately. It seems like maybe they're growing, but it feels like I see something about them like every week. Yeah, I think uh, Richard, Richardthina as I call him, he's in Mexico city, so he's doing a lot of, he's sometimes comes out with like two episodes a week, so that's probably why you're seeing them a lot. He got the content coming. Got It. <laugh> He knows how to keep it coming. Okay. Um, so as I was saying, interrupting your top five, but um, your podcast is named Latinos Who Lunch and can you tell us about your podcast? Yeah, so Latinos Who Lunch was started I think a couple years ago now, and it was started by me and my friend Bob Alito, Aka Dr Emanuel Ortega, who is uh, Art Historian and I'm an artist and um, I am just an avid podcast listener. So from the very beginning, uh, you know, it was mostly NPR stuff that I would hear and then I started listening to a lot of comedy podcasts and eventually I found podcasts like the Read and uh, For Colored Nerds and I'm like, I wish there was a podcast with like two Latinos just shooting the shit just talking. And after the read, which is like two queer people of Color… Mh. I'm like, why? I haven't found a podcast that's like two Queer Latino just talking. And so finally one day I was like, fuck it, let's just start our own podcast. And we started recording our conversations. Well, at first it started during lunch and then people told us they didn't like the chewing. <laugh> <laugh> So now we record them after having lunch. Yeah. Oh you know. So we've, <laugh> we've been doing the podcast, I think we have over 115, uh, recordings because we used to do mini episodes, but now they're just full episode. Okay. And I do like, I mean this is something you would, even when you're traveling because you travel a lot because of your art, at least a lot to me, um, that, you know, you're in different states and then you're um, setting up the different things you're doing that you still commit to, you know, except during the summer, I think you all took a little bit of a break but commit to uh, taping while traveling. And I appreciate that. Like while you're all across the world telling us about all your cool adventures. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Um, yeah, that's been hard. And um, but we were gonna to it. We're gonna keep going and releasing content every week. Um, we've actually been thinking about re-releasing some old episodes because I know that podcast do oncore episodes once in a while when they need to take a break. But yeah, I don't, I don't think we've missed a week since we started. Owe. That's not something many can say. I know it's not something I can say. Um, <laugh> <laugh> Let's see, um, with your podcast, is there like an episode that you would tell people to start with or an episode people mentioned a lot there that are like, this is how I get people hooked to your podcast. I tell him, listen to this episode. They love it and they go, listen everything else. Oh my gosh, uh, uh, pretty much any episode after episode eight. Okay. I think that's when we got our new equipment. <laugh> <laugh> You could actually hear us. Um, let's see what I mean, I really liked the episode. I think it's episode 21 where we talk about, uh, the complexities of like new Mexican uh, Chicano identity. Mhh. That was really a fun one um, because we really get into it. Um, and then, uh, the one that we recorded called Not My Monument, I think is also a really good one where you kind of get political. I like the ones, uh, that we do that are a little bit more research based. Um, I think those are really fun to listen to. <inaudible> I think it might've been earlier this year on colorism um, and that one was really good. Oh yes. Um, it mentions <crosstalk> it in the Ta. Yeah. <inaudible> Didn't entitled, but I just remember like listening to that like, Oh yeah, you guys went in. Okay. What the History. Okay. <inaudible> <laugh> What am I still remember that. But I mean I've listened to a lot of different episode because that's just one that sticks out to me. Yeah, I mean it's hard to say because now our podcast is a little bit all over the place and, and now we've really, we've kind of had this formula where we do an interview and then it's just us two if we can, you know, because a lot of people just like to hear us talk to each other. Um, so we're trying to kind of cover everything, which I know we're not gonna be able to please everybody, but we also have fun doing it. So… I feel like, you know, as long as you're okay with it, it's fine. But I do love that format that you all include other people. So I get to hear about, you know, other people and jobs and things that I might not have heard about or you know, just things I wouldn't have heard about and then it's under something with you all but kind of being silly. You're talking about yourselves in the next episode. So it's like I feel connected but I'm also getting the information I know you guys wanna spread. So I like that. I appreciate it. I notice it. So yeah. <laugh> Okay. Thank you. Um, so I didn't say, so you listening to other podcasts, it's kind of what got you into podcasting. How have you discovered more podcast because it's because of you. I've discovered more Brown podcast and I will say Latinex podcast, but how did you discover like, you know, grow in that space. That's it. Listening to podcast, I tell all the Latino podcasts out there that are trying to get a bigger audience. Like when's the last time you shouted out another podcast? From the very beginning, I remember um, one of the podcasts that I would listen to back back, back in the day was Mark Merrin's podcast WTF. Mhh. And um, where he would interview a comedian and then the comedian said, oh, I'm actually, I actually have my own podcast, and then I would listen to their podcasts and then they'd have other, you know, so through there I just started finding all these different podcasts. So yeah, I mean the, the medium itself, you know, is kind of niche depending on what you're listening to. So I mean, I, that's how I learned about Marsha's plate was through a tea with Queen and Jay and uh, you know, just podcasts you find, you find out about podcasts rather podcast. Pretty much. That's what I think too. Like when you saying that, I'm like, I liked that other people see the same thing. Like it's not just me. Hopefully I like, this is how it should be. Okay. So question because you, was it earlier this year that there was the, I want to say Latin X festival. I don't know if I'm saying that correct but Pastereo. Am I saying that wrong? it's something near that. Uh, we did. Uh, we did uh, we hosted an event at a Latin X film festival. What You're talking about Podcastereo Festival? Yes. Okay. Yeah. Podcastereo festival was last November. Oh, okay. And it was all Latin X, like a podcast uh, festival in LA that we put together really quick in a couple months. Oh, I didn't know that was only done in a couple of minutes. It seemed really good. Are you all planning to do that again at all? Well, I, we actually have a phone call tomorrow <laugh> <laugh> To see if we're going to do it again, but uh, I hope so. I hope we do uh, because it was really amazing. We had uh, just from, from setting it up like two months ahead of time, we had 17 podcasts show up and set up their tables with merge and then we had panels all day long. Um, at uh, La Plaza, I think it's called La Plaza La Cuntura in downtown LA. So it was so many people there. It was so cool to meet all these different podcasters. People flew in all the way from like Texas and Boston, New York it was really cool. Mh. Okay, well let me know if you're doing it again. I am planning on doing something. I didn't wanna do it next year. It just felt like a lot of things were popping up. So I'm gonna try to do a conference the year after next in 20 / 20. Um, so like um, you know, just thinking of something in collective. I've been seeing a lot of people doing things and so I just want to make sure it's done right and like even if it's small, like I want it to be them with the details I want and I don't want it to feel rest because when everything I do anything rushed, I feel disappointed in the end. So I'm trying to treat this how thing I'm treating new things like <laugh> giving myself to flush it out, make sure that it's right in reaching out to sponsors and other things. And things are coming together with me just saying it. So I feel like I'm on the right path of saying this is gonna happen and when it's gonna happen for what I'm on. So we'll see. <laugh> Yeah. Awesome. Okay. So um, with podcasting, is there a number one podcast tip that you give to other podcasters? Because if you have a podcast, people always ask, you know, you know, do you have advice and things like that. Is there a number one thing we're like, this is what you should know or what I would tell somebody else with a podcast. I think you just have to do it. I mean, a lot of people are afraid to start or a lot of people uh, aren't consistent. Um, so I don't know like when we started, I, I actually don't know what this recording sounds like, might not be that good because it's like new equipment that I have, but… Oh no wait till you hear it. At least to me it sounds we're going to say almost like we were in the same room, so you'll just wait to hear it. <laugh> <laugh> But um, consistency's really important and just just not giving up. And, I let me know. I love learning so much and I didn't realize Latinos who lunch would become a business almost, you know. Uh, and so now, uh, now that I have like my art career and Latinos Who Lunched really taking off, I'm gonna to have to hire somebody to like manage that. Um, so I don't know, just kind of rolling with the punches I think and, and sticking with it. That's my advice. Leveling up. I like it. I feel like that's um, when you know Kefi's manager, Alex started like managing a reading or you know, started expanding and that's when they were able to, you know, blow up more. Like they didn't have to concentrate on a thing she was doing. So I mean that could be just the next step until everybody knows your name because I believe they will <laugh>. Your energy, the art, I love it. If you look at his Instagram, you get to see like some of the spirit of what he does and you can just feel the energy it's good. It's good energy. I'm not surprised when you're traveling other places and people are inviting you and giving you awards and things like it's well deserved. Oh my gosh. That was crazy yes. Yes. And you're like, is this happening? Yes, it's happening. <laugh> Oh my gosh. Yeah. The imposter, the imposter syndrome was so strong last year. <laugh> I feel like it gets like that because you're like, really? Really like, I mean, I know I work hard, but really like you know <laugh> in the midst of the work, you're like, somebody better think of me doing good one day and then they're thinking you're doing good and your life really, I mean it was okay. I, I did that. <laugh> Yeah. <laugh> So with your art I was gonna say what are you doing right now and is there anything anyone can see or go see in person? I know you do different things in different states. Uh, yeah. Okay. I have a few things right now, I have a show. I just installed a solo exhibition at the Berman Museum, which is in Collegeville Pennsylvania. For anybody that wants to make a little road trip who lives in Philly, <laugh> it's about an, It's about like 45 minutes away from Philadelphia. So, uh, the Berman Museum has my show up through December uh, 17th, I believe. And we're actually gonna do a live Latinos Who Lunched there October second, Mh. Um, which will be really cool. Am just <inaudible> Um, yeah. And then, uh, I also have an installation at that very same museum and a different wing and that'll be up through July next year so you could see that anytime I have artwork, uh, also in the UK at the Brewery Art Museum and Sculpture Center, a big pile of Nachos uh, <laugh> And then right now I'm about to go to New York and install work at the sugar hill children's Museum of art and storytelling and that's uh, that's in Sugar Hill, like in Harlem Okay. And that uh, that will opens up mid October and is gonna be up for a full year Look at you. So do you have anything how you said like some things are up for a year, some things are until next summer. Do you keep track of that anywhere on a webpage or anything like the ongoing thing? <laugh> <laugh> Sorry to stress you if you don't. Okay. Just asking, just asking. I'm gonna, I'm gonna get there. I'm gonna get there eventually uh, I do need to update my artist's website, which is my, my name Justin favilla.com. Um, and there is a news and updates tab there that will eventually be updated so people can see everything that I'm into, that I'm doing. Ok, well that's there. Of course, as I said on his Instagram, um, like we'll see different pictures of different art he's done across the thing um, the world and his Instagram stories. I feel like I could do that also. I love them. <laugh> Well thank you for joining me today and talking about your podcast and taking the time because I just felt like when we work remotely and we don't have nine to five, it can just be like, do I have the time, you know, it seems like there's time but you're always kind of working. So <laugh> I appreciate you taking a moment to talk to me. No, thank you so much for thinking of me. I'm so excited and you know, I am a big fan and ever since I found you because of the read and you know, uh, became, I mean submitted my podcast to podcast and color.com. I was just so excited to just like be on your radar. So this is such an honor to be on your show. Thank you so much. No problem. Oh, and you saw that thing the other day. I saw you guys, you posted it, but like this, someone came up to me at an event, a podcast event in Denver and was like, I found you through Latinos Who Lunch and I was like shut up like, you know, you know, things like that might happen, but then like somehow I feel like I could have like, let me just let you know, like this is how I found you. So I was like, it works. <laugh> That is so cool. I love our listeners are so cool. They're so nice. So maybe next time I'm here in Denver again, we'll have to have some type of meetup maybe. Um, people would come out and we do some type of, you know, she did it for people to do things. I'll be in Denver in October. I'll see you soon. Shut up yes, okay <laugh> <laugh> This is working out so you just speak into existence. Yeah. So we'll confirm that and we'll put something up because of course we got to do something. Cool. Awesome. Okay, well thank you and have a good rest of your day Justin. You too. Bye. Bye. Bye. Thanks for listening to another episode of podcast and color the podcast. Um, of course, feel free to email me if you have any questions or comments, podcasts and color@gmail.com. And otherwise I'll see you in two weeks. It might be one week because I kind of want to catch up and get back on schedule so we'll see how that goes. But at some point I will get back on schedule because I will have the amount of episodes I should have for this last season. I am doing podcasts consulting for the winter. Um, if you're looking to get a jumpstart on what you'll be doing in 2019, you can look at the podcast consulting button on the website and I'm willing to talk to you about building strategy um, for 2019. So maybe you're looking at social media strategy, your podcast strategy or thinking of things you can clean up or you just wanted an outsider to kind of look at your podcast or your website or your podcast, social media to see what you can improve and how you can streamline things so everything can be better in the future. And if you'd like me to do that, I am available for podcasts consulting. That will just be for the winter um, in the spring. I'll have other things to do. I am looking to add a full time job to my life. So I'm giving this time of anyone else wants to speak with me to give the time to talk to you about your podcast, to talk to you about your social media. So talk to you about hashtags because next year I'm gonna be a little bit busier. So if you are looking to talk to me, if you want to talk to me one on one, this is the time. 