Welcome back to another episode of Podcasts in Color, the podcast. I'm Berry, lover of podcast. This is a super late episode, but it's here. This episode will be on podcast tips, questions I receive a lot, and things I think others should know, so you can make better decisions about your podcast. So, if you make a podcast, this will be helpful to you. If you don't, I can understand on skipping this episode, but if you know someone with a podcast that has questions, I do think this episode will be helpful, and if you're listening, and you share this episode on social media, I would love if you include the hashtag PodsInColorpod, so that I could find it, and like it, because I will find it, and like it, and maybe repost it, and that sort of thing. Use it in your Instagram stories, and I will watch your Instagram story. That's the same with Pods in Color, when you're sharing your podcast, or a podcast you're a guest on, and that's the same with pod in, when you're listening to a podcast. I love watching all those Instagram stories, seeing what people are listening to. I love the shots of people's car radios, because it just shows that you're in motion, and that's how we are. Um, so just letting me know, um, what you're listening to on Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, using any of the hashtags, I do appreciate it. PodsInColorpod, when you're listening to this podcast, and then Pods in Color, when you're just sharing podcasts you like, your podcast, podcasts you're a guest on, and then pod in, when you are listening to a podcast, when you're checking other people out, because it is a p- because it is important to support other podcasts, as many as we're creating, because that's how we grow. Thank you for all who have been buying merch. Of course I'll put in a merch link in the episode notes, so if you would like a podcast shirt, or jacket, or pullover, that is all on there. Even a long sleeve shirt, just so people know, um, you know, listening to a podcast, and you would like them not to talk to you, because that's what I'm all about. Um, first, I'll start with a few podcast tips that I love, episode notes. I will link to a few different episode notes that I love in the epi- in my episode notes. In episode notes, I look for what the podcast is about, and social media links for the podcast, and if there's a guest on the podcast, social media links for them also. I think the future of podcasting, and it's already showing in some of the newer apps, is that search in podcast apps, are going to search podcast episode notes, um, to help more discovery as we grow. So, if you're already ready, you don't have to get ready when we see that feature coming out more, and more. About some of the things someone will search, and you want them to find your podcasts under those search terms, and think about including those in your episode notes. This is a long game, and a new media, so thinking of things that will help you in the future, I believe, or you know, how most of the people that will be successful in the future will be successful. First, I'll start with a few podcast tips that I love, and that I repeat a lot. The first one, is gonna be on episode notes, and of course I will link some of my favorite, um k- examples of episode notes, in my episode notes. I look for what the podcast is about, and social media links for the podcast, and if there's a guest, social media links for them, also. I think the future of podcasting, and it's already showing in some of the newer apps, will be searching podcast <inaudible> are going to search episode notes, as discovery is more work done. So, you can think in terms of what someone will search to find your podcast, or what terms you think that people would search to find your podcast, and make sure those are in your episode notes. This is just like SEO on Google, and of course, Google podcast is in the game now. Think about the things that someone will search, and you will want them to find your podcast, like Tea with Q, and Jay is always talking about that they're a womanist podcast, so I remember when I was a guest on their podcast, I would say that would be something you would Google, to see if that you're coming up. If somebody says, Oh, I'm looking for a podcast that does that, is that something you come up on the first page? So, it's really about like podcast SEO, dealing with episode notes like, will people be able to find you from the information in your episode notes in the future, and as more podcast apps deal with discovery, and searching, you know, episode notes. Will that help you be found? Because we're all about being found. For my number two, it'd be a good social media profile. I love one that has an Android, and iOS link in the profile. You know, Linktrees are free people. If you do have an Instagram account, and a Linktree will let you put a bunch of different links to a bunch of different places. So, you could have Apple, Android, Pocket Cast, CastBox, RadioPublic, you know, all the different links of where someone could be listening, so they can find your podcast, or link that they can use on their phone for your podcast. My next tip would be, Google your podcast name while you aren't signed into Google, and this is something I do. I always sign out, and then I'm searching things in Google, so it's not just saving the things I search, and giving the things that they think I wanna see, because I've Googled it before. You would be surprised with how many podcast names you can search on Google, Twitter, and Instagram, and not find the podcast, because they are using a quirky name, or an abbreviation of their name, or there are tons of people with the same name, or a name close to it. Ooh, you're also gonna wanna search in Apple podcast. I've noticed that there's people that don't get the information that they put into where they host their podcast, that that RSS feed that they're putting into iTunes connect, is just reading that information, and regurgitating it to other people. So, they'll have their podcast name in the information, but it won't be in the correct place, so what people are post a search in Apple podcast, will sometimes be their personal name, or the name of their brand, but not the podcast. So, it's something to search in Apple podcast, and think, What do people need to search, to find my podcast in Apple podcast? and once you know that, that's something you can say. If you're an Apple podcast, you're gonna search Podcasts in Color. I love being able say, no matter what, if you're on Google, if you're in a podcast app, it's all Podcasts in Color to find a content from me, sin- I also make sure to go in those different things, and search it, to make sure that I am coming up under those things. You're not searching it, and then I'm next to you like, Wait, oh wait, do you- what do you search to find me? Hold on, I'll just send you a link. No, how do I find you? That should be easy, and if you're not easy to find, your podcast is not gonna get bigger. So, that's just something thinking in your head, are you easy to find everywhere? Are you easy to find, and is it easy for you to tell people how to get to you? So, if you're thinking in terms of steps, think about how many steps you would take. If somebody tells you over three steps to find them somewhere, are you really going home, and saying, I'm going to find you the 10 steps that it takes to find that person, or what I might need to do, and then follow back up with that person, so, just something to think about. Okay, next is, how to listen if you have a website. So, and this is something not a lot of people have, I've seen it on a couple of different websites, and I'll p-include episodes, I'll include examples in the episode notes, and this is for if you aren't bringing new people to podcast, your podcast is not going to grow. Every huge podcast has people who listen, who barely know what a podcast is, but they listen to that show. I really liked what Renee had to say about growing a podcast, using the Receipts podcast as an example, and I'll play that clip here. They gave you a show that does that on records. It's something that you wanna listen to. You want to be part of it, and you want to share it, and so you hear it, it makes you laugh, and you share it. They found a niche in that, and they've found a podcast audience that didn't know they would like podcasts. Yeah. They've got an audience that just had Soundcloud's, that would just press play on something that they would like, this certainly looks interesting, let me press play. Before you know it, they're listening to a podcast, they're sharing a podcast, they're subscribing to the podcast. They're communicating, they're taking part in conversation online, and that's what's kind of, that's what makes a podcast successful. You can have the big brand, you can have Apple like, put you on the home page, and things like that, but does that convert into big longevity of people talking about you online, and wanting to hear your content? No. It's about the hosts, and pushing, and pushing, and pushing. Say, consistency, cadence, with publishing, promoting yourself. Yeah. And, you mentioned Twitter as a platform? Twitter, Twitter's a good one. I'm not on Facebook, so I don't know how that works anymore. Right. But um, Instagram's a good one. Any social media, it's just mention the podcast. Talk about, anyway you can encourage conversation, um, it is super hard to grow a podcast, and people are still trying to figure out how. It's about finding a niche audience, and making sure that audience that you wanna target have it in front of them. Right. Which is the- one of the hardest things, because half the time, you want, you know what audience you want, but you don't know how to get it in front of them, or you've just gotten or- it's for black people. Yeah. Um, that you know, that's <inaudible> Cause we're all the same, aren't we? You're not <inaudible> look at all these black folks, we're the same people. Exactly, our interests the same, because we were black. Of course. And that was from Blackticulate, and I'll link of course, in the episode notes. Going from that, um, you know that I love hashtags, and um, the Receipts Podcast, of course, does use a hashtag. They only have a Instagram account, as far as having social media, but I really do believe hashtags are easy, because to me, when someone adds you, it can be confusing, and if they're looking for a response, or if they're just posting about your content, and wanting to direct others back to you, so that they can listen to your content also. And here's a clip for Phoebe, kind of explaining how hashtags works for the Receipts podcast, and how it's helped them grow. One thing that I will say, that I think has really contributed to the success of the Receipts Podcast that people don't really think about, is hashtags. That's what we use on to- we don't hav- even have an uh, Twitter account. Right. All of us have our individual Twitter accounts, and then we use the hashtag to speak about the podcast, and I think that really works, because you don't have to at anyone if you wanna talk about the podcast. You just write your tweet, and then you put the hashtag in, and then everyone can see it. So I think, you know, I listen to a lot of different podcast, and I often see people speaking about the podcast, but I can't find those conversations, because they're written at the handle, instead of having a hashtag that everyone can go in, um, and everyone is used to going to, and tweeting about. Because, if you introduce a hashtag like, halfway through, people are so used to atting you, so they'll just continue to do it, and so no one has ever been able to at any Receipts handle, because we don't have one. And that was Phoebe as I said, and that was another clip of Blackticulate, and she used to be a co-host of the Receipts podcast, she has since left the show. Hashtags are great, because they give fans a place to connect on social media, and that can be any social media platform, without the podcast necessarily needing to have an account on that service. Also, on Instagram now, hashtags are something people can follow. Also, if you're on Instagram now, hashtags are something people can follow, and that people use them in their own Instagram story. It creates an Instagram story under that hashtag, that anyone following the hashtag sees. So, another good way to spread information about your podcast. If you can get people to follow a hashtag, or use that in their stories, so that other people are able to click on it, and see what's going on with that hashtag, leading people back to you. You can also Google hashtags, and tweets come up, and Instagram I believe is like, usually the third, or fourth link, if that hashtag is being used on Instagram for you to check out what people are doing with that hashtag on Instagram. So, that's Twitter, and Instagram that are right away. If somebody says, Let me Google, let's figure out what this hashtag is about. That will lead people back to your content, if you're using a hashtag, and making sure that it leads back to your content. I personally don't wanna follow every podcast host, even though I'll love their podcast, it's just not always for me, the content they talk about all the time. So, a podcast hashtags, kind of give me a connection to the host, because my favorite hosts do of course, scroll, read, and respond under their podcast hashtags, so I don't necessarily need to follow them, and they don't need to follow me, for us to talk about their podcast, and how cool is that? I love it. You know, with the Receipt's podcast, with Insecurity, with Tea with Q and J, you can search these podcast hashtags, you can see other people talking about it, and talk to them, and respond to them, because they're having fun with the content, and also, the podcasts um, hosts will interact with you under the tag, and mention it, so that you can find other people. So, it's just a whole circle of things that kind of keeps you involved in the podcast, 24 seven, and you know you can find people talking about the podcast. That's one of a big thing for me, there's a new podcast called, Don't At Me, with Justin Simien, I think I said his name correctly, but because of how the show is is, is don't, and they use an at, it's not able to have it hashtag, so I haven't been able to find anybody else listening to the show. I'm sure people do, but to me, part of the podcast listening experience, is to be able to find other comments about the show, and be able to find other people that I might be able to talk to, or tweet about, and say, Do you listen to this? and when I can't find that, it's really hard for me to get into a new show. So, one thing you'll notice about popular shows, and so- shows that grow big pretty quickly, is you'll see a lot of chatter about them on different social media network, s and there's not always a podcast. It's listeners connecting, and just talking about the podcast, and to me, that is a big thing, with making sure that listeners can talk about a podcast, and find each other talking about podcasts. Here's a clip from Call your Girlfriend, giving information about ad sales, and this starts with Gina talking, and then you hear Ann, and then you hear Aminatou. My recollection is that, from the first one around the time we left the first network, we had in the range of 50,000 weekly listeners. Which is, for people who are like, I wanna start a podcast, and make money. It's like, I feel like that is, as I understand it now, kind of like, the minimum threshold for getting someone interested in selling ads on your behalf. Maybe it's a little bit less than that. Yeah, well like, we know-we know podcasts who are smaller than, like way smaller than that that sell ads, but I think that like, in general, that's a good thing. But they have institutional affiliations. Yeah, that's fair. Well, no… And so I think- really? So, we'd been going for at least a year, I think when we had this, these conversations, and had about 50,000 listeners an episode roughly, or so we thought. Like, the numbers are all- this is the thing about podcast numbers where Amina is totally right, is that they're all kind of a scam, and no one really knows how many people are listening to anything, with any degree of sureness. Yeah, it's super, it's super nefarious, and you know, it's like… Atom bomb. it really is. Since then, since this was recorded, um, the numbers of podcasting have gotten a little bit easier, because of the IAB, and they're kind of rolling out guidelines, and people are attempting to follow them, and being IAB compliant is a thing. And so basically, they're hoping that, with more rules in this space, and what people classify as a download, and a listen, and different things like that, it will make it easier for more advertisers to come into this space, and put more ad dollars into the space, and I'll link information on that, because you can go way deep into that, um, in the episode notes Call Your Girlfriend was a part of the 2014 podcast boom, which saw an easier path um, for some of those podcasts, for listeners during that time, because of Serial, and other things being released, and a lot of people learning about podcasting. Here's another clip um, by Call Your Girlfriend, talking about how much they- money they make from ads, and what they feel you could take from it. How much do podcast sponsorships pay? I don't know. It depends. I understand there's a wide range. How much does it cost to produce per episode? Well, you just heard eight, to 15 hours of Gina's time, so obviously, we're not being paid. We're not paying her, like an hourly rate that you truly deserve… Yeah Gina, you should really redo your contracts. Yeah. But the answer, in terms of production costs, is really like, the production cost at this point now that we've invested in equipment is our time, correct? Yeah. Sometimes we rent a studio, like the Huma Abedin interview that we did. You know, we rented a studio for that. We found a professional to record with Huma on site, They, the campaign took a photograph for us, we had that. Um, we paid for transcription, I mean, there's some stuff for special, special episodes I believe, shelled out a little more money, just to make sure that it really pops for you guys. Do we want to answer how much you podcast sponsorships pay? Well, I mean, I guess it just depends on the CPM. I think we even have like, different CPM, like every week, so… Don't take less than 20 dollars. Uh, or something like that. I think it depends like, how big your audience is, or whatever. Right. But, because I've seen, um, kind of like on our invoice list, like even per week, like, it fluctuates how much money we make just depending on-on what ads were sold, and what the relationship of the advertiser is. Right, but like essentially, I mean, correct me if I'm wrong, and maybe we don't want to say this on air, but like the, like, we're talking like, you know, four figures to get onto our show minimum, right? Like, it's not like there's like a sponsorship for a couple hundred bucks. Oh yeah, there's definitely, yeah, definitely. And um, and no one asks, so… Right. One thing I wanted to talk about, on Instagram a couple of weeks ago, I did a poll asking people who have co-hosts, Do you have something written up, saying who owns what, if money came into the picture, and you know, so things wouldn't go sour quickly, and the results were horrible. I want to say it was like 80 percent, 20 percent of people saying that they didn't have anything written up of like, you know, when money comes in, or if an advertiser wants to come in, and pay us 2,000 dollars, is it 1000 dollars, and 1000 dollars, or is maybe 1300, and then 700? You know, does the person that's doing editing get paid more, or have more of a say in the space? Like, there's a lot of questions that I don't think people really consider, and you know, you could already pre-discuss that. I mean, don't we all listen to Therapy for Black Girls? Um, you can already have that settled out, so when those things come up, you're not all in the moment, and emotional about trying to make those business decisions. We've all seen the documentaries, and the singing groups, and wrath in groups that split up because of money. I mean, even New Edition like, how old are they now? And they're still having issues with trademarks, and creating new names, and things like, a mess. Like, if you haven't seen that, that's something to kind of read up on, because that still surprised me. I would've thought they would've figured out some of their issues by now. Um, and there was a thing with podcasts, that happened about trademarks, and you know, agreements, and contracts, and what needed to happen about that, and… I'll talk about it a little bit. Um, have you heard of ShoutOut podcast network? It's based out of London. They had the first black podcast festival in London in 2017, in August. The Friend Zone attended, they were one of the bigger podcasts, I wanna say the Brilliant Idiots went also. After the festival, um, it seemed like that's where things changed. ShoutOut London was really network to be on, I would say like, it reminded me of the beginning of <inaudible>, with good buzz, and good shows. And so, you know, that just takes, you know, a spark in, you know, the consistency to keep going, and it was becoming known as a network to get on in London, because they were creating good shows by black people. But after the festival, the UK podcasts, well, some of the UK podcasts that participated, claim they hadn't been paid, and then the shows that had the biggest buzz on the network l-l, either left, or disbanded, a few weeks after the festival. This is a letter from Satia, who was a co-host of Melanin Millennials, and talking about the breakup that happened, and this post is from a Twitter post, and I will link to it in the episode notes, so you can see like, when this went down, it was all over twitter, it was… kind of crazy. This is from a tweet, and that tweet is from September 15th, 2017. Um, the tweet says, Hey, congregation, sadly, I can no longer put off addressing what's been happening regarding the podcast. Um, so here goes: Satya here, co-creator, and co-host Melanin Millennials, parentheses MM, parentheses, podcast. Following some of the revelations about the Shout Out network, parentheses, son, parentheses, from my fellow podcasters. I would like to provide my perspective, and transparency, and transparency, on how all this came to be. It's taken a lot for me to arrive at this point, the point where I have no choice, but to put pen to paper, in order to shout out the truth. I feel I owe it to our listeners, to our concerned supporters, and finally to myself, as a route to moving on. As announced by the SON yesterday, they are no longer supporting Melanin Millennials, or to be more precise, no longer supporting the show with my involvement. Consequently, I have been removed from my position as co-host, and denied my rights as co-creator. MM arose, when my former friend, and current CEO of SON, Imriel Morgan, informally asked me to start a podcast with her. In September, slash October of 2015, I came aboard, and we worked together on the format, on our mission, and I christened the show with it's name. All were original ideas with no external input, and Imriel was not affiliated with SON, but became it's CEO, months after MM's launch. I was also told that her boyfriend, Efe, founder of SON, was interested in curating a network of podcasts, and that MM would be the first attempt at this endeavor. All this was done, on the basis of a verbal agreement. Prior to MM's launch, that whatever we, parentheses, myself, and Imriel parentheses created as MM, was ours, that SON's role would be to record, distribute, and no contracts were signed, until almost a year after MM's inception. On September 17th of August this year, I met Efe, and Imriel, and was a form that- and was informed that they would no longer go on with the show, on the network. On the 22nd of August, I received an email, Imriel stating her intention to continue with the show on the network, with new host, in a new format, something that had never been discussed with me. I also learned that SON had begun to look for my replacement. The biggest revelation however, was that SON owned the trademark to the show, and that they had done so without my knowledge, and consent. They began that process, on the 15th of September, 2016, as we were deciding on MM's future, parallel to the contract negotiations. I also have no access to all MM related accounts. The past few years with Melanin Millennials, I have dedicated hours of my personal time to create content, record, and promote the podcast, and to do so much of the behind scenes needed, to make the podcast what it is today. I did this for not any personal gain, but because I believed in our mission of amplifying the voices of black British millennials, celebrating our work, and openly discussing our challenges. I have loved being a part of Melanin Millennials, and am deeply upset by not being afforded transparency, agency, and ownership as the podcast has grown. I can not say what will happen next. I will say, that I do intend to reclaim ownership of the content I created for the podcast. This is the first step of many… telling you my story. I have enjoyed my time on MM, I am incred- I am incredibly proud of what I have achieved, and regret that this has been cut short against my will. I wanna thank all the listeners, well wishers, and supporters of the podcast, and my role in it, since its inception. You are what has made this journey so exciting, and fun. I've had the absolute privilege of meeting, and interacting with some of you. I hope you will continue to support me, and my journey, as I determine what is next. Love to other all the congregation, Satia, and she leaves her at, and of course, I'll link that in the episode notes. And so, that podcast um, was one of the breakout hits. That was the network to be on. Um, the two black women, it was two black women in the UK, talking about UK issues, and pop culture and it was original. I liked it, and mostly, LIT, is an example of one of the podcasts that left the network, but was able to sustain on their own, and even grow bigger since leaving ShoutOut. And so, it was a couple of different- it was a few different podcasts that left the network, at the time they talked about trademark issues, and then contracts, and there was a lot of confusion, and so, that's kind of why I bring up agreements, because you can be starting something great, and then, you know, being that things aren't being discussed, you don't know how it's all gonna come out, or who's gonna claim credit, or what credit is. And so, it's easier to just say right off, you know, This is what you own, this is what you have, and you know, this is what I have, and let's talk about it. ShoutOut, um, you know, the podcast network, went on this year to have a podcast conference, that was focused on women. Um, but because of the split in the podcast community, because of the things that happened with, um, those podcasts, and more, I wasn't able to find anyone who attended their conference to tell me how it was, but I did see pictures on the internet, and it did look like a fun time. They do have a few current podcasts running, like Wanna Be, And I will link that in the episode notes. If you would like to check out the podcast on ShoutOut London's um, podcast network. Also, Spotify chose them to run their program, to kind of mirror the Women of Color Spotify event they did here, and they're running that in London. Unlike our side, Renee from my last episode that you can see, is someone to know in London, and making her own space, and also has the background in podcasting, hasn't been reached out to, and I would think with the smaller community of women of color in podcasting there, that she would have been reached out to, to be a part of it, because on the United States side, the teachers they brought in that were women of color, they were, you know, some of the best in their field, and able to come in there and say, You know, this is how I do what I do. So, that's a little bit strange. So, I hope that kind of changes on, you know, working with that, especially for Spotify, because it feels like something would be missing if with Renee wasn't a part of that, especially if they're teaching women, and she's one of the most successful black women in podcasting, in London. To end this, we're talking about intellectual property. Here's a clip from a panel that Caitlin Thompson, who used to be with Acast did, talking about intellectual property, and of course I'll link all these panels in the episode notes, that you can listen to the full thing, and these are more on the sponsorship posts on my website, under the podcast in color news, pods in colored-, under Pods in color news. Just to say, what about IP? And um, am I selling out if I, you know, give my podcast idea to someone else, and what does that mean? And, and Caitlin, I know we've had a lot of discussion around this. It's probably worth talking about that, as a point, um… Yep, it is. Um, like I said, Panoply does uh, something called the Pilot Project, WNYC he did two competitions, one called the bake off. Um, obviously we're here to talk about Podquest. Um, it's not a matter of selling out, it is selling out, um, and that's okay. You should wanna make money for your, for your craft. It's just a matter of how you think about um, what is an idea that you wanna keep for yourself, and not share the IP of, what is something that you're comfortable, and you need a co-producer to be able to breathe life into something, and therefore, the IP conversation's a little bit different. Um, the way that I would urge you to think about that is essentially, what kind of idea do you have? Is this an idea that is going to exist for the next year, but probably become replicable, and I'll use the same example that I did just now, Call Your Girlfriend, a show between two women, on different coasts of America, is a show that it's highly, highly replicable. They sold some of their IP, when they went to a co-production agreement, um, because they needed help making it, and it's also an idea that, the IP is less valuable in this case, because it is a replicable show. If you've got something that- you have a book, I used to work with a guy named Stephen Dubner, he wrote a book called Freakonomics. You better believe Stephen Dubner owns the IP to Freakonomics. So, he in no way, shape, or form, would ever sell any of it. For him, he wants to turn it into a book, or a TV series, a movie pilot, um, multiple other shows, that was the right choice for him. I say this totally neutrally, you can, and should sell out at the right moment. It's just a matter of, what's an idea that you can not execute without help, in which case, it's worth considering, or what's an idea that you know, that might never reach a full commercial potential, or you don't need help to make it reach a full commercial potential. Um, you know, and I think for me, it's again, not a question of uh, is this good or bad, it's just more of a question of when. So after figuring out, you know, what you needed to do to get ads, you've reached out, and you maybe have an agency, you know, there's other things going on, or you're like, Hey, add whatever, a thousand, you know, a thousand an episode. I was able to get an ad, and I need to know what to do. I always wanna make sure that people know about dynamic ad insertion, and it's something most can do. It depends on where you're hosting. Here's a clip from the Wolf Den, explaining DAI, and how it works. Let's start with dynamic ad insertion, and we'll do a quick primer, and if you think I get any facts wrong, let me know. But traditionally, historically, all podcast ads were baked in, meaning they were in the recording of the file itself. When Mark Maron, or when Marco Arment sat down at the microphone to record their shows, they would record their ads in there, and that's in the file that everybody downloads, and now some companies that are in the space, are increasingly using dynamic ad insertion, which says, Hey, let me insert an ad at specific points, that somebody has marked in this episode, at the time of download. Did that sound about right? Yeah, and so the idea basically, is like when you have, you know, the kind of old way of doing things, every download of the podcast gets the same set of ads. Whether you know, no matter where they are, no matter who they are, and no matter when they download the file, you know, they could download the file two years later, when the advertiser has long since stopped paying for it. Um, and you know, they still have that same ad for a company, it's from two years ago, that might not even exist anymore. Um, and then we, with dynamic ad insertion, you're literally getting a, the ads spliced in on every download. So, every download of the file, can have different ads in it, uh, than any, than every other download, even to the same person. That's right, and typically, w- you know, the folks that are doing that, are doing it for a couple of reasons in my experience. Um, <inaudible> some shows with DAI, and some many shows without, um, but you know, you're doing DAI, maybe so you can cap the downloads, right? If a show is so big, um, you know, does two million downloads an episode, and nobody can afford to buy all two million. You can chunk it up into 500,000 download chunks, and sell it that way. You might be doing it so you can try to target by Geo, or by date range. So, if it's a tune in campaign for a TV show, and say, Hey, if it's between these three weeks, put this ad in, and otherwise don't. Um, the way we chiefly use it, most of the time is back catalog. So, it's, if we can't get your ad in the newest episode of Comedy Bang Bang, or My Favorite Murder, maybe, but you have a time sensitive ad, we can run it for everybody who downloads older episodes, over the next X weeks. Also, here's a clip from Caitlin Thompson, explaining why you wanna use DAI. The only-the only thing I would tell you is, don't bake in your ads, and the reason I tell you that, is because you're gonna have to edit them out at some point. Um, you can have any sort of ad served to- dynamically, and I'm, you know, obviously work for a platform that does dynamic ad insertion, but having worked, and been friends with the Serial team, who had to go back, and edit out MailChimp ads for hours, and hours, and hours, what I can tell you is, there's almost no benefit in selling your show um, with a baked in ad, because that ad will sit with your show forever, after- long after you've cashed the check from the advertiser, and you don't make any new money, for the people two years down the road who discovered your show, right? DAI is interesting, because this past week, Welcome to Night Vale ended their episode, and it was episode 133, with three different ways using DAI, and this is from Hot Pod, this quote, and I'll of course, linked to Hot Pod if you're not subscribed, it is a podcast newsletter, and from here, it says… Here's the deal. Are you sure? The podcasts 133rd episode, features three different endings, that are delivered to listeners at random. The team relied on dynamic insertion technology, the increasingly am-ambiguous podcast tool that had- up to this point, had mostly been used for ads to build the experience. Quote, dynamic insertion is a fascinating technology to me, that different people can download different versions of an episode. Quote, said Joseph Fink, co-creator of Welcome to Night Vale. When we spoke over the phone about the experiment, a few weeks ago. Quote, it's kind of baffling that nobody's tried this before, quote, the Night Vale crew, who's ad sales are handled by PRX, and whose podcasts are handled by PRX's dovetail platform, only created three endings, because they were told that that was a maximum number the platform could reliably handle at this time. Isn't that interesting? And they were talking um, to the writers over at Hot Pod about that, and I just thought, Wow, so, you know, you gotta think about what dynamic and it-ad insertion can do for ads, and then also, you know, what you could creatively do with it in the future, with your podcast. You should really listen to the Wolf Den episode, because they talk about DAI, and how, what people can do with dynamic ad insertion, and who they can push it to, um, and what they can get down to when they're deciding what ad goes to what person. So, just something more to be interested in, if you're thinking about doing that, especially with bigger companies. Okay. So, um, let's talk about premium, because there are some people that have premium. I've talked a lot of myths about Stitcher premium, um, and so let's go into what it means to kind of, be on Stitcher premium, and this is from the Wolf Den podcast, which is hosted on Stitcher. There are shows that are small right now, that we can't make incredibly lucrative offers to on the ad sale side, because you know, if your show in quotes, only reaches uh, 30,000 downloads an episode, uh, what our ad sales can do for you is limited. But, if we can bundle in a premium component, and so you can tell people, By the way, you can hear a bonus episode twice a month, if you sign up for Stitcher premium, we give you a cut, because whoever you, you know, it's based on effectively, how many people are listening to your things, but you get a cut of the premium revenue, and we get a cut of the revenue obviously. And then stupidly, Apple also does, and if we can set things up uh, so that you're getting extra sources of income, we feel like that's good for podcasting, right? It's, it's finding more ways to entertain the folks who are so engaged, that they wanna- that are willing to pay more to listen, and it's finding extra revenue sources, more predictable, and recurring revenue sources, than ads that are maybe a little bit more immune to, uh, you know, um, what's going on with the economy, or what ad sale, ad buyer whims are, and that sort of thing. So, that kinda gives you a breakdown of why they would say, know, to join premium, especially for smaller shows, Stitcher hosts shows like Lavar Burton reads, and you can get access to episodes like, a week early, or a few days early if you're a subscriber. Um, they also have FRUIT, that was done by Issa Rae, and that was a fictional podcast, that was based on a football player that I believe was bi, and so if you look um, on Apple podcast, FRUIT has the first season there, but if you wanna hear the second season, that is only behind the premium wall for Stitcher. And um, coming out this week, which is on September the 12th, um, Stitcher premium will be adding a new black show, called Culture Genius, which is done by um, the women over at Black p-Joy mix tape, and I'll play that clip here. What's up? This is Amber Jay Phillips, the high priestess of black joy. And this again Jaz, the king of the south. And you might know us from our other podcast, The Black Joy Mixtape. Ayy, what do you do? Owww, but we have a new show called Culture Genius, a black as fuck game show. Jazmine, and I bring guests into the studio every week, and we ask some questions that you know, some of them you might know, some of them are myth, but they let us know more about black culture, and black communities in general. I do hope you support the Culture Genius podcast. That was a good, small preview, and as I said, I'll link the entire preview in the episode notes, and with the clip we heard about Stitcher premium, we know what it takes for a good podcast to do well on Stitcher premium, so I do hope that you go, and support Culture Genius. I will be doing that, I wanna hear what the podcast is about, and that's starting on, Culture Genius will be starting on September the 12th. Zane, also has a fictional podcast coming out, um, on, coming out called Purple Panties, and this is a show on Stitcher premium also. And um, I don't have a clip from the Zane, Purple Panties show, but if I do get one in the future, I will share that with you all. I do have podcast consulting, so if you wanna go deeper into any of these subjects, um, feel free to look at podcastsincolor dot com. The consulting link is in the menu, or on the top of the page, depending on if you're on mobile, or on your computer. This episode, was just kind of going over podcast tips I see all the time, and I wish people knew about, or new deeper about. So, if you do wanna go deeper, we can have conversations. As I said, I do have podcast consulting up on the site, and I will see you in about a week, and a half. I will be on time for the next episode, and that's on the 22nd, and I do have a guest for that episode, that will be FavyFav, from the Latinos Who Lunch podcast, and I'm excited about our interview. So, I hope to see you on the 22nd when I publish this podcast, and of course um, you can ask me any questions, use PodsinColorpod, you can at me on Twitter, and ask me questions. You can send me emails, and ask me questions, I do respond, even though it takes me forever on a email. If you liked this episode, and the information shared, please feel free to let me know, um, so I can know if you wanna do more things like this. I think I might do smaller podcast tip episodes for Patreon. So, something I'm thinking about, let me know if it helped. Let me know if it didn't help at all. 