The presenting sponsor of Pod Save America is ZipRecruiter. Boy, the tone of our voices to this ad… Yeah. could be so different. Let's… You know what? They've thought of it. I know, it's gonna be funny. You know what's not smart? What? Trying to write a post-election script before the election happens. ZipRecruiter, good one. You know what is smart, is using ZipRecruiter.com/cricket to find qualified candidates fast. You know what is also smart, taping this before we either are, destitute or too happy. Unlike other job sites, see I'm, my, my tone. I'm going to have my tone right in the middle- No, I'm thinking about des- Destitute. Yeah. You mean- Poor? No you mean like, uh, despondent. Destitute means poor. Yeah, that means, that means bereft of things, uh, I wanted. Unlike other job sites, ZipRecruiter doesn't wait for other candidates to find you, ZipRecruiter finds then for you. ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology scans thousands of resumes, identifies people with the right skills, education and experience for your job and actively invites them to apply. No more slogging through the wrong resumes, there's less waiting and more hiring. By the time you here this we would have known what happens in the election. We're going to try to have a tone where you actually can't tell what happened in the election. Yeah. How about that, not to, not too glib, not too sad. That's our sweet spot. <laugh>. It's no wonder that ZipRecruiter is rated number one by employers in the US guys, that's from hiring sites on trust pilot, with over 1,000 reviews. Destitute would have worked. Lacking something new- <laugh:chuckle>. desirable. I needed to win. ZipRecruiter is the smartest way to hire- <laugh>. Right now our listeners can try ZipRecruiter for free at the cricket link, ZipRecruiter.com/cricket, and we get credit for sending you. So go to ZipRecruiter.com/cricket again, that's ZipRecruiter.com/cricket. Did we win the election? We don't know. We don't know. Welcome to Pod Save America, I'm Jon Favreau I'm Jon Lovett I'm Tom Vietor. I'm Dan Pfeiffer. Got the whole crew here today to talk about the election that happened last night. Old news, Jon. We're talking about Sessions. <laugh> <laugh> Yeah, we also, we'll also be talking about Jeff Sessions, who was just fired. Let's be honest. The president technically asked for his resignation but he was fired. What a dumb technicality. And the president installed a fucking republican hack. Uh, in his place. And who knows what will happen to the Mueller investigation now. So, that's huge news. Which I'm sure he wanted because he wanted to step on the election results last night. We're not going to let that happen. No, were going to talk about those first and then we'll get to our friend Jeff Sessions. Can't kill this high. <laugh> Quick programming note. Next week the pod will be out on Tuesday evening because we're giving everyone a crooked media Monday off. Alright, Democrats took control of the House of Representatives last night, winning 26 seats. They are ahead in 8 more. Plus a few more in California, that are too close to call. We'll probably end up with 35 -ish seats. Um, democrats held all seven contested governorships where they had democratic governors. And flipped another seven. Defeating a number of Republicans, including two of our favorite villains, Chris Kobach and Scott Walker. We flipped 333 state legislative seats. Seven state houses and won 3 trifectas, where democrats now control the state houses and the governorships. Finally, we flipped one senate seat. Jacky Rosen defeating dirty Dean Heller. But we lost four. Missouri, Indiana, North Dakota, and it looks like Florida though it may be going into a recount. Hey Jon, how does Paul Bunyan's ox say hello? How? It's a blue wave. <laugh> <laugh> Overall takeaway. Fine night, goodnight, fucking great night? That's a question from Dan Pfeiffer. <laugh> Dan, why don't you start since you asked the question. I think it's a good night. Good night? I should have put a fourth option somewhere between good and fucking great. So… That's kind of where I am. Yeah. I think it, it is great. I think say we can't say it fucking great because we missed some opportunities in the Senate. We missed some governors races but we won the house which is everything. Yeah And it changes everything in politics. And… we have As we're seeing today. Yeah, as were seeing today. And… As we soon shall see. Yeah, I mean things I'm really happy about, taking the house. Enormous. We're in control of all the committees now. Adam Schiff is now in charge, not Devin Nunes, of the house intelligence committee. We can investigate all the things we are about. Some really great people won. Like, Lucia McBath in Georgia's 6th district. Hold it out late last night. Amazing candidate. Good, great human being. Exciting race. We won governors races in Michigan, Wisconsin, Illinois, Kansas, Maine, Pennsylvania, New Mexico. Huge deal for you know control of power in those state for our ability to redistrict, for our ability to pass progressive legislation. Um, the year of the woman is real. More than a 100 women are on track to win in the house. Things I am sad about. I wanted a full rejection and repudiation of Trumpism, his racist fear mongering strategy. Uh, maybe that's a little naive because it's hardly new to win based on anger and fear and racism. But I wanted it. Um I wanted Andrew Gillum to win. I wanted Beto O'Rourke to win. But I always knew those were more difficult races, so I would say, very good night. B plus. Lovett? Yeah, I mean, you know I think about where two years ago, and what we said to each other, what we said again and again which was that we were heading into a really, really hard midterm. That the senate was nearly impossible. And the house was tough but doable. And that winning the house was central, not just for democratic politics and proving we can win but central to taking our county back and restoring checks and balances. And standing up for the basic virtues of the country. That that that I don't I, we were afraid to exaggerate before the midterms because we weren't sure if we would win the house, just how important winning the house would be. But I think if we were sitting here today, uh, having not won the house… <sigh>… Having. We would be, we would be looking at a demoralized majority of the country who feel like their voices don't matter. We would be looking at Donald Trump with total permission uh, to, uh, be corrupt, to pursue a radical agenda, to go after immigrants. To go after people of color. To go after trans people. Uh, and, uh, I'm really, really glad we didn't wake up in that country. And I'm very glad that what we hoped would happen, which is that all the marching, and the energy, and the protests and the paying attention would culminate in people actually turning out to vote. That was an open question and it is undeniable that we answered that question uh with a yes. People turned out. And republicans turned out too. But we turned out more. And we did what we had to do. And we actually have power and that changes everything. Uh now it was the highest turn out uh since I believe 1960. In a midterm. Broke all kinds of records. But of course, like you said Lovett, Republicans turned out too. No, look, a majority of Americans voted for Democrats and now Democrats represent a majority of Americans in the House of Representatives. There is a majoritarian representation for the first time in a while. Uh, despite all the gerrymandering. A majority of Americans are now governed by democratic governors. Which is also hugely important. And we can talk about why the senate's fucked up in a minute but, um, I-in those two, in in the sense of governorships and the house, there is now, we are closer to a real democracy. Dan, what were you going to say? I was going to say, we have, if you look at the difference between 2010, 2014, two midterms where Democrats did incredibly poorly, the reason we did well in 2018 is first time voters. Yeah. Its people who do not normally participate in midterms. People who, some of them even sat out 2016. Who decided to get engaged. And that was the big question that all the cynical pundits and political analysis have been saying. Will people actually turn out? Will young people turn out? Will people of color turn out in a midterm when they don't normally do it. And they did. And democrats now have power. The power to stop Trump's agenda for that very reason. Those those new voters don't turn out and young people don't turn out. Young people, we, we'll get the final numbers, but it looks like they increased their share in the midterms. Uh, certainly the margin among young people. And now when we say young people now, its really two, two groups now. Its 18-29 and it's 30-39, because the 30-39 year olds that you know, we were the Obama generation and now were voting heavily democrat. And their, they voted more heavily democratic. The margin between democrats and republicans among those two age groups is, if you you look at this chart it just sort of goes like off, off into different directions. It's the biggest margin it's ever been in a midterm. I would note that you put the cut off at young people at 39, even though I'm the only one over 39 sitting here. Oh sorry. <laugh> Yeah. <laugh> I still think of you in your late 30s. Thank you. Just one other thing too. There were republicans in the house, especially the house leadership, that made a devils bargain with Donald Trump, which is, they would capitulate to him. They would look past his abuses as long as they could cut taxes for the wealthy, as long as they could do the deregulation agenda they wanted to do. Um, some of them made their peace with it. Some of them issued, you know, tepid responses against it. Some of them used it, like Paul Ryan and his super PAC. And it is really, really important that that strategy did not work for Paul Ryan. It sends a really powerful message, uh, to future republicans uh that that there was not a majority in race bating and anti immigration sentiment, plus a deregulation, anti healthcare, sort of anti working person agenda. If they had been able to succeed in that, it would have been incredibly dangerous. And it is very exciting. And I've been waiting to say it on the podcast, and I want to say it one time. We get to take that gavel, from Paul Ryan's fucking hand. <crosstalk> Is what I wanted to say. I have no faith that it sends that message to republicans. <laugh> <crosstalk> I'm a little worried about that too. It is. Uh, you are right that it did not work. 100% right. That's why we're all happy today. Yeah. But they will cont-… well I think two things happen. Someone pointed out that um Mike murphy pointed this out today, GOP strategist, that Trump was talking today about it at his press conference, like maybe I'll work with democrats on infrastructure or drug prices. And its like, yeah, you know what? Uh, Nancy Pelosi, in the house, probably would work with Donald Trump on a big infrastructure package or a package, or a bill to reduce drug prices. And you know where it would die? In the republican senate, because you still have a bunch of republican establishment hacks who are so bad at politics… Yeah. Misreading politics, that they would be like, no we don't want infra structured drug prices because those things aren't conservative economic policy. And also, his his pledge to, his offer to do that was caveated uh with the assumption that democrats won't be thoroughly investigating. Oh right. Oh, yeah it's all bullshit. If you're nice to me, if you're good to me I won't I won't shoot you. <crosstalk> Don't uncover my crimes maybe we pay the fucking <inaudible> I get it. What I'm saying <laugh> But what you still have is a bunch of establishment republicans… Right. Who still believe that somehow, out there in the county there is a constituency for tax cuts and huge cuts to healthcare. And small government, all that kind of shit. And so they will continue to push that. And then you have Donald Trump and a bunch of Trump republicans, which is now the whole party, who believe that the road to power is race bating and xenophobia. And they will continue down that route. Right, well I mean, I think the truth is you can look at this election and draw both conclusions. Certainly, it is better that the republicans failed in their quest to use that strategy in the house. And maybe the lesson there is, in the way the house works, its more, its less advantageous than it is in Senate races where you can… Yeah. Sort of run up the score in rural places. And and you're trying to win across a whole state. So how how big of a deal is taking the house? We talked about this a little last night on the live stream but for those who didn't tune in. What changes now? What can the democrats do? I mean everything changes. It is, to quote Joe Biden, it's a big fucking deal. Mmm. Donald Trump can never pass another piece of legislation without Nancy Pelosi signing off on it. He can never pass an appropriations bill without Nancy Pelosi <crosstalk> <laugh> Tell me more, Dan. I like this. <laugh> And we, it is not all the power, its enough power. But we now have an actual level of power to negotiate over things. We may need democratic votes to do the very basic things in keeping the government open. And we can demand that some of these horrible regulations are, go away. We can demand funding for some, for our priorities. We can push back on some of the internal sabotage of the Corporal Care Act. It also means that they cannot, there is, a bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act will never be on the house, the floor of the house again. And then as we've pointed out, we now have the ability to issue subpoenas to look at what what happened. We are living in a world, a swamp of republican corruption. You have just the secretary of the interior, who has just been referred for criminal investigation. You have the President of the United States, and un-indited co-conspirator to multiple crimes. You have a RICO investigation to the entire family of the President of the President and his company. And all of… Sasha, Malia <laugh> Oh, wait. Different president? <crosstalk> Nancy, Ron jr <laugh> And in all those cases, we now have the ability to provide a measure of checks and balances on this president. Yeah yeah. How big of a deal is winning all those governorships and state legislatures? What does that mean? It's a massive deal. I mean, I think, one we just get to govern in a more progressive way in these states. One we get to. Two we get to increase access for voting rights for people. I mean, like think about, Dan you've talked about this before, I mean in Wisconsin, Scott Walker made it his life long ambition to prevent people who might vote democratic, so young people, African Americans, people of color, to prevent them from getting to the polls. We can now undo a lot of that work. Um, you know we can redistricting will be coming up so we can draw fairer maps in a lot of places, including in places like Maryland, where democrats drew pretty unfair maps. You might see some realignment. But generally speaking, like the democracy will be a lot healthier I think uh under the stewardship of these democratic governors. Yeah, you'll see a lot of progressive legislation pass and also, you've talked about this before Dan but, in 2020 for whoever the democratic nominee is it helps to have democratic governors in states like Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania. Um, so that's that's really great too. Um… Kansas, somehow. Kansas! Kansas is… Its so cool. Kansas is also a great example because, Kansas is where the supply side, tax cutting government destroying republicans were able to test their experiment. And it totally destroyed the Kansas economy. Kansas is Paul Ryan's America, in a bio dome. <laugh> What's the matter with Kansas? Uh, Paul Ryan. This won't get enough attention I think because Trump went out there and he's gonna talk about all the places he campaigned and take credit for everything he took credit for, but Kansas is an example of him being a poison pill. He endorsed Chris Kobach who lost the governorship in Kansas in like he primaried uh congressman Mark Sanford in South Carolina, the person he endorsed then went on to lose. So Trump was actually a poison pill in a couple elections. Yeah I was gonna say about Kansas too is its again you see a test of this idea as kind of someones anti immigrant bonifides be enough to overcome the sense in the state that right wing republican politics has been bad for business, bad for their bottom line, bad for people sort of you know ability to pay for things in their lives, their teachers. The teachers in their schools getting enough money and here the answer was no, which is really exciting and I think you can connect it and we're gonna talk about it, but that you can connect it to some of the um, uh ballot measures that passed that show you that inside of even deep republican states, there is a resistance to right wing politics and there is an openness to democratic ideas whether it's a medicaid expansion or electing a democratic governor even though you've been sending republicans to the senate for years and years. Does it get more conservative than Kansas? No. To have Laura Kelly win that governorship. I still think she could have won even with another republican because the, you have this <inaudible> of events where the um, under the stewardship of Brownback, it, he destroyed the economy so badly, that even republicans, independents you know in in Kansas, were saying okay it's time for someone new, we'll try a democrat. I remember. Our our old friend Kathleen Sebelius, who was <laugh> governor of Kansas in the our health and human services secretary, she reached out a couple of months ago and was like you guys should come do a pod in Kansas because we have real races here. We have a governors race, there's a couple house seats we could flip, and Sebelius, as she usually is, was absolutely right about that. We're like, we're not sure if we help. It's a little it's a little, Kansas to me, it's a little bit like uh, Laura Kelly showing up midway through the game Bioshock after they've tried libertarian governance and uh that's it. That's for five of you. <laugh> <laugh> Pod Saves America is brought to you by comedy central's the Daily Show with Trevor Noah. With the midterm elections in full swing and with America's sanity hanging in the balance, let Trevor Noah and the world's fakest news team try to make sense of all the issues that keep you up at night. Every election needs a hero, they'll let you know when they find one. The Daily Show with Trevor Noah weeknights at 11 / 10 central, only on Comedy Central. Pod Saves America is brought to you by Stamps.com. These days you can get practically everything on demand. Like this Pod cast. Listen whenever you want when it's convenient for you, so why are you still taking trips to the post office? Why? Nothing wrong with the post office, we're not saying anything negative about the post office. It's nice there. It's great there. It's fun there. But why are you taking trips when you can get postage on demand with Stamps.com. With Stamps.com you can access all the amazing services with the post office that we love, right from your desk, 24 / 7, when it's convenient for you. Buy and print official U.S. postage for any letter, any package, using your own printer and computer and the mail carrier, they'll just pick it on up. Come snag it. Just click, print, mail, you're done. Couldn't be easier. Hey Jon. Yes. Hey Tommy. Mmm. What travels around the world but also stays in the corner? A lie? A stamp. A stamp. Ah, a good one. Oh. I googled that one from something called jokesforall.net. <laugh> A tribute to Mark Twain. <crosstalk> love it or leave it. Right now use crooked for this special offer. It includes up to $55 of free postage, a digital scale and a four week trial. Don't wait. Go to Stamps.com before you do anything else, click on the radio microphone on the top of the homepage and type in crooked. That's Stamps.com, enter that code. Crooked. Crooked. Alright let's talk about why did democrats win. What happened. Why did we net all those seats last night? What did we do right? We ran everywhere. Great candidates. But you look at some of the seats we picked up. Seat knuckle holma, seat in Utah, uh seats in Texas. These are seats that have gone uncontested in years past and even if we did find a candidate, those races were not staffed, they weren't funded and it real, like the the <inaudible> deserves credit for the work they did, but a lot of the funding of these these reach districts, were funded at the grass root level, from people who believed, like we like we've told the story before about it and were we in Arizona or Colorado at a Pod show last year. Yeah Colorado and Denver. Col-Colorado last year and someone stood up. A woman who was a dreamer. Dreamer, but then told us that we could win that race and she was right. Mia Loverace in Utah. Mia Loverace in Utah. Yeah. She did I remember that. I remembered that last night when I saw it. I was like ah, this is what, that was the first time I heard that we could win that race. <laugh> And so we ran everywhere, we ran and we ran hard everywhere, and the grass roots drove what we did. And that's incredibly important because the effort to take back the house and to take back our country came from the bottom up. It came from groups like run for something, swing left indivisible, and to the credit of the more establishment groups, they were, they did not act threatened most of the time by these groups and worked with them and we ended up with really strong candidates and really strong campaigns up and down the ballot, all across the country. And the slate of candidates that was you know more female, there more more candidates where people of color. There were so many firsts. First Native American going to congress, with Sharice Davids. First uh, I mean we'll go through the first the first list later, but it it it's a very impressive slate of candidates. Tons of gays. <laugh> The gays are crushing it. I mean yeah it's funny. It's just not a traditional slate of candidates. Not a whole bunch of state reps and state legislators who took the next step. It's like Chrissy Houlihan is is a air force veteran and a business woman and educator. And Colin Allred in Texas played in the NFL. I mean these are exciting new types of candidates. They look different, they sound different, and and I think that worked. And congress will be better for it. I guess <laugh> <laugh> um, can't get worse for it. <laugh> We ran a very focused campaign. Every single one of those candidates ran on health care. We saw in the early exit polls, health care 41% of voters said it was their top issue, and democrats completely crushed and that's no easy thing because when Donald Trumps up there talking about caravans and mobs and all this other bullshit, it's very easy to take the bait and just get in a fucking fight with Donald Trump and republicans over this. And these candidates were laser like focused on health care and specifically protecting pre-existing conditions in all these races. And I think that is a lesson you know. I also wanna say like some of how some how some of these candidates won too and sort of took back some some Trump areas. Like we did very well in the Midwest. Um, although certain places in the Midwest. <laugh> Dan what what what do you think accounts for some of the Midwestern strength last night? I think we held onto Hilary Clinton's strength in the suburbs and so the sort of Romney Clinton voters who uh, who do not like Donald Trump and Donald Trump has sort of radicalized them against the republican party. And that was the question. Were we going to win these voters who voted for Romney and voted for Clinton. Would they vote for a democrat against the generic republican <inaudible> and yes. But we also did better in many places in the rural and <inaudible>. We held down some of our losses in 2016. Yeah. And that to me is like you see the path in 2020, which is, if we can maintain our enthusiasm and turn out in the suburbs and urban areas, and win back some of those Obama Trump voters, where we hold down the margins in the rural areas, then you can recon reconstitute the Obama coalition that won so handily in '08 and '12. That sort of path. And the candidates who won whether it's Gretchen Whitmer or um, Tony Evers, Sharon Brown, they did that. And the candidates who lost in those states were unable to do that. I want to talk about Gretchen Whitmer for a second because she's a rising star in the party and I want to talk about what she pulled off in Michigan. Um, in 2016, Trump won huge margins in working class areas in Michigan, and then Hilary's margins in affluent areas and suburbs and urban areas were underwhelming. Last night, Whitmer narrowed the margins in working class areas, ran up huge margins in affluent and urban areas, so she took back the Obama Trump counties that Hilary lost. Whitmer took those back and she matched Obama's margins in Detroit where Hilary fell short by 10 points of Whitmer and Obama. So it just goes to show you that like we had this election in '08 and '12 where Obama assembled this coalition in Michigan, Hilary lost a lot of it in '16 and last night, Whitmer put it back together and she ran this very disciplined campaign focused on the economy, talked about infrastructure. She had been responsible for expanding medicaid when she was in the Michigan legislature. So it just goes to show you like that is a path for democrats in the Midwest. Yeah. I mean another good example of that I think is the Iowa first district. Mmm. It was uh I remember when when when Hilary lost Iowa and we were looking at at how we got kinda blown out in those North Eastern Iowa districts that were to me was always like a place of progressive democratic strength… Yeah. In our kind of base cause working class places like the Buke and all these river counties. Um, Rod Blum won in 2016 with a 53% margin and I just felt like oh my God, what happened to Iowa. We got blown out. But last night, Abby Finkenauer won uh 50.9% to 46%. I mean she romped in that district and she is young and progressive and from a labor household and like an exciting you know she's what 28, 29? Yeah. <crosstalk> <laugh> It's a huge bounce back, which I think you know tells you a story about what can happen when you put forward a really great slate of candidates and you run a smart campaign. But I also think tells you a story about why 2016 was unique uh and there was something that big that went on at the top of the ticket that I think we corrected a little bit last night. Yeah. Alright, let's get to, why was the senate so hard last night? That was obviously the big, well I'd say, we have a couple of disappointments. Let's start with the senate. I think it's an easy, I think this is actually easy. America went to the polls and they came up with a split decision. Right Dan? <laugh> <laugh> <laugh> Dan what what do you think about the split decision? I would like to thank everyone on Twitter who's decided to send me every tweet that says split decision. So every time my rage subsides for a second, I am reminded of it. <laugh> um, anyone on the senate? I mean look I think some, if we really look at the map, like Trump won Missouri by double digits, Indiana by double digits, high double digits. <laugh> um, where else did we lose? Uh, North Dakota, by double digits. Florida we can fucking talk about in a second. <laugh> but I do think that some of these, like we won senators, democratic senators won in a lot of Trump states last night. Sharon Brown, Tammy Baldwin, Bob Casey. They did great. John Tester. John Tester just pulled it off right? It was closer there but he pulled it off. But in these other states where McCaskill lost and Donnelly, and Heitkamp, those were just Trumpier, redder states and I don't, I don't know that we'll see democratic senators in those states again. No like the country. It's scary. The country is pulverizing and the redder parts of the country are getting redder and the bluer parts are getting bluer. And the question going into last night was what was going to happen in the purple parts. Were they, were these Midwestern states on a bath to red because of demographic change, because of something Trump had done to shake up the the political coalitions in this country. And the answer to that is, as of last night at least, no. I think we have to look at all these senate races because I think there are a lot of lessons to learn there. What did John Tester do to win? That Heidi Heitkamp, Joe Donnelly, and Clare McCaskill could not do? That's a great question. What did Sharon Brown do to win that… Richard Cordray. Richard Cordray who running for governor of Ohio did not do? And I think we have to understand because we the the purple senate races, are the most important thing, short of the presidential election, we have to figure that out, because we have zero margin for error in the senate. We have to win every blue seat and every purple seat to even have have a shot at 50 in a system that gives the same amount of political power to Wyoming as it does to California and New York. Right and we can I see we can all complain about that. We can all say the Senate is undemocratic and it doesn't represent people, yeah we know, we can't change that. <crosstalk> Have a plan for that <laugh> Yeah but we have to get to power first. What I'm saying is, the only way to change it, is to win, so we have to figure out a way to win these states, just so people know, so we have, it looks like the republicans are gonna end up with 54 seats in the senate when all is said and done right? Or 53. 54. I don't do math. So in 2020, the possible targets are, Corey Gardner in Colorado, Joni Ernst in Iowa, Thom Tillis in North Carolina, we have McCain's seat which is gonna be up, so another open seat in Arizona. And Susan Collins in May. We also are defending Doug John's seat in Alabama so that's gonna be really really tough. Really really tough. So that means, like you said, we have to almost run the table in those seats. So we have to be very careful and think really hard about the candidates we put forth in those states because as we saw last night, candidate quality really matters and it matters most in states that are on the razors edge like that demographically. Right I think we need to so I think I think there's two questions. One is how do we have a chance in some of these red states um and the other is how do we field candidates that can win in Florida and Arizona because there's a there's a longer term challenge in places like Missouri, uh, but there's a, we should really… You have a longer term challenges. Err. But no that's the point. So I think we should ask the the candidate question right? The tactical questions about what happened in Arizona, what happened in Florida but one thing that I'm thinking about is the fact that in Missouri, Missouri came out really hard for a pro union uh ballot initiative recently. We have in very red states where we don't believe democratic senate candidates can compete. We're passing medicaid expansion, we are passing liberal policy and so I think one thing that it is gonna be that is a bigger harder question is, how how can we get democratic politics to be as appealing to people as liberal politics once the democratic label has been removed. A And I don't think what the media will do, because this is what they do. They'll make it all ideological. Right? It'll be it's the ideological you know part of the candidate. What do they believe? Are they too far to the left, or the centrists. A whole bunch of you know, true centrists lost in these races <inaudible>. Phil Bredesen was supposed to be the one in Tennessee who knows his state so well because he was an a certainly popular governor in the 90's. Went down to an 11 point defeat.bYou can't get more centrist than Phil Bredesen unless you are republican. Right. So I don't think the answer necessarily is ideological about who we nominate in these states. Well that you get both answers out of this right? You have Joe Mansion winning. You have Bredesen losing, you have John Tester winning, you have Clare McCaskill losing right? You know you have, so there's no one is going to be able to come up with a simple sentence to describe the ideological takeaway from this from this night. Yeah and I also think that you know Maryland and Massachusets are interesting examples. In Maryland you have Larry Hogan who was reelected overwhelmingly as governor. Charlie Baker in Massachusets I wildly popular so in in some of these liberal bastions, you do see, uh they like republican governors. They like divided leadership for some reason. Massachusets we have forever. Until I mean maybe we can learn something from them. I do think when you look at your 2020 map, like Iowa feels doable to me again. It didn't before last night. Uh Maine feels very doable. Arizona, with the right person, Yeah. We can give it a shot. But uh, you're right. Candidate quality is everything. Let's talk about it. Why why do we think Kirsten Cinema, she came really close and of course we should say, Cinema is not conceded yet. I think Martha McSally was ugh, the republicans, republican establishment would tell you that she was like their favorite candidate. All the cucks. <laugh> Cucks love Martha McSally. Uh, you know she's going to Washington, she's gonna be part of that club. Um, I thought she was pretty sloppy with the healthcare answer and the previous conditioning stuff. I think that's probably why Kirsten Cinema kept it close. But do we think, uh, what do you think Dan? What do you think happened in Arizona? I don't know. <laugh> <laugh> I mean I think we have to we have to see more data about that state. Yeah. But what I think the question around Kirsten Cinema was was she exciting enough to turn out enough, first time voters or periodic voters in Arizona because Arizona, it has a large population of potential voters and the only way that democrats can win, it's a very polarized state demographically, you have a lot of older white voters, it's why republicans have done so well there for so long. It but it has been changing demographically over time. But we have not had the success of taking the new residents, new people of age into the electorate and turn them into voters yet. Now it is worth noting that, even in our losses, democrats did better in those races, then they have in a very long time. Yeah. And there is something, if you're trying to just extract some silver linings from those dark clouds, there is a, we've been talking about Arizona moving blue for awhile. mm-hmm <affirmative> You see some evidence that that is a possibility for us based on the results of last night because… She's down by a point. Arizona is ground zero for the immigration battles in America. It is the place where Trumps caravan message, birthright citizens message general race baiting, white people fear mongering works very very well. It is a place that Jo Paya was from. It's where some of the most hardline immigration politicians have been from and so, you see you see, you're beginning to see the transition. The difference in Arizona is the green party candidate actually got a larger margin than Cinema. Oh yeah. 38,000 votes. Thanks Green Party. Who could have seen that coming? That never happened before. As always, appreciate yeah. Alright. Let's get to then the real heartbreakers. Our favorite three candidates, all four of us I'd say. Andrew Gilman in Florida, Stacey Abrams in Georgia and uh Beto o'Rourke in Texas. All lost last night. I should say actually, Stacey Abrams has not lost yet, she's not conceded because that could go to a run off. Tommy told me Bredeson was his favorite. <laugh> <laugh> I'm a Bob Benedez guy. <laugh> and I don't understand why we're not able to sit here, alright and talk about the fact that an inspirational young leader, the future of this party, Bob Benedez, <laugh> won in New Jersey against the odds, despite a lot of people saying he's a criminal alright? All morning Lovett's been saying give me some quo mo gro <inaudible> leadership. <laugh> <laugh> <laugh> <laugh> We've got quo mentum, we've got Mendez mentum alright? The future of the party is in the mid Atlantic. Quo money less problems. <laugh> we needed that. We needed that. So I will say like you know I have been when I was in my high anxiety two weeks before the election, it was following the early vote in Florida and all of Steve Chell's tweets and everything because I thought I loved Beto and I loved Abrams and I was <inaudible> them but I know how demographics work and sates work and I'm like they have an uphill climb. Gilman should have won Florida. Uh, all the polls had him ahead. It was probably the biggest polling miss of last night is Gilman in Florida where all the polls had him running in front of Nelson and he ran probably slightly behind Nelson. And I don't know what happened there but I'm really fucking mad at Florida. Yeah. I I don't know what happened either. I do think the more I read this morning, I think we all underestimated the drag of having an FBI investigation on your campaign uh. It's unprecedented thing, it never happened before in the history of time. <laugh> <laugh> How could we have missed that I mean, his former friends were dumping emails and there was all this talk about an FBI informant and these, like I like last night we were all watching the results come in, we were like how the hell is the governors race lagging the senate race and maybe that's something you can point to. I think yeah we we don't have enough information yet. We we may never. Um, that certainly could be a factor. Race could certainly be a factor um, in you know if that's if it's true that he ran slightly behind Nelson, you know why is that? Or, ideology, he was further to the left than Nelson. We don't, all three possible factors, we don't know which one it is. All I know is… Or a combination. Or a combination. Yeah. Is I fucking love Andrew Gilman. I love Andrew Gilman. I still love Andrew Gilman. He is young, we are gonna hear from him again, and we're just we're just fortunate that we got to see him run. Like he he is great. Amazing. And I think even though he lost, there are lessons to be learned for democrats and how you run races. And also we're about to watch Florida, uh, expand voting rights to over a million people uh, which is not just a morally good thing, it is going to change the Florida electoral. I mean these are really really close. Hope so. We hope so right. We don't know. But but all those disenfranchised people having a chance to vote and hopefully participating might help um tilt the balance in a state that will continue to be very close. And on Stacey Abrams you know we were here pretty late last night, and watching her speech last night, it was maybe the most inspiring speech of the whole night. For sure. And people people here couldn't media, people were cheering, clapping, and out of their seats. It was it was fantastic. That race may be headed for a run off um, she has not conceded yet. There are something like 80, 80,000 plus ballots out. If she reduces the margin by about 20,000 votes, camp goes under 50% and we are headed to a runoff in Georgia. And everyone gets to, but this, important point, not a recount, a runoff. A runoff. New race yep. We're having another election. A new race that Kemp can try to steal. And a well a new race in a new environment where courts have overruled some of Kemps decision to purge voter roles. So we're gonna have another few weeks to get some of those people who were denied the right to vote the chance to show up at the polls. And we gotta go all in on helping her if that happens. We'll see you in Atlanta if that happens. Um, alright, and to the final candidate, let's talk about Beto. Beto. Beto O'Rourke who lost by 2.6% points to Ted Cruz. Something like, 4,050,000 votes, uh highest vote total of any democrat in Texas state wide and as long as we can remember, highest percentage as long as we can remember. Organize the state. Win some house races for us. Yep, lifted a lot of votes. Is helping changing. <crosstalk> calling all red um, fantastic candidates both of them. Certainly lifted by Beto O'Rourke. 11 seats in the Texas house. 11 seats in the Texas house and the judiciary they won some seats as well. Jeanna Ortiz, Jones came like a couple 100 of votes from beating Will Heard. Um, and and he inspired you know, just a whole bunch of people not just in Texas but all over the country to get involved in politics. And and that organization isn't going anywhere. That's still gonna be there and that's really important. Unless it moves to Iowa. <laugh> Beto O'Rourke ran the best race he could have possibly run, I mean, short of winning. He ran a hell of a good race. He inspired millions of people, he exceeded all turnout expectations and I I say that not because I give a shit about moral victories, I don't. I want wins and losses just like everybody else does. But there was this sneering, bullshit conventional wisdom coming out of Washington, embodied in a political story called, did Beto blow it, that was released two days before the election day that seemed to suggest that because Beto didn't have a pollster, because he didn't uh poll test his position on the NFL kneeling question, and all this nonsense, that he was somehow a bad candidate. That what we need to do was tact to the center like Phil Bredesen, well, Phil Bredesen got his ass handed to him and Beto O'Rourke, kept it real tight in a very very red state. So I want to see more Beto O'Rourke like candidates out there who, they don't have to be like super liberal, that's not what I'm saying. I want you to say what you think and mean it and not worry about the politics of these, your statements in advance. That's what we want. Beto O'Rourke. Beto O'Rourke, in Texas, came closer than Clara McCaskill, Joe Donnelly, Heidi Heitkamp, Phil Bredesen. Richard Cordray. Richard Cordray and so did Stacy Abrams and so did Andrew Gilman. Just so everyone knows. Um, and look the the Beto the Beto mockery comes from the most obvious fucking suspects, which are the most cynical reporters in D.C. who think they fucking know everything and don't. And establishment republicans who are jealous that we have inspiring candidates in our party and they do not. Which is what they used to do to Barack Obama. we heard all the same stuff about Barack Obama in '07 '08 from the same cynical D.C. reporters and the same establishment republicans. And the reason they mock it, is because they don't want us to have those candidates because they are afraid that they will win. That's why they mock it. Last night, in a lot of ways, went the expected route right? You know we we thought maybe there's a chance we could win these center races. We thought maybe Stacey Abrams has a chance, and maybe she still does. We thought maybe Beto has a chance. We were more hopeful about Gilman, but we won the house which was what our focus was, which was what what we believe is the most important thing. I believe going into election night, that Andrew Gilman, Beto O'Rourke, Stacey Abrams, that they represented the future of the democratic party and that is true win or lose. Yeah. We we have plenty of time to talk about 2020 in the coming weeks and months, but I will say, you watch Beto O'Rourke's speech last night. You watch Stacey Abrams, you watch Andrew Gilman and you see that the movement they've inspired and the people they've inspired and then you tell me that that's not what we need in 2020, here's the deal, I hope all three of them run for president in 2020 alright? I really do. If they don't, other 2020 candidates, look at them, that is the bar, and you have to meet that bar. We are not accepting anything less. <laugh> we want inspiring candidates like that who can both excite the base, and reach out to non voters and build a movement and get people excited about politics again. And if you cannot get on that level, on Beto O'Rourke's level or Stacey Abrams level, or Andrew Gilman's level, you have to think twice about running for president, and you have to think hard about your campaign. That that's what I'll say about that. I would add a couple points on this. One is that there was a lot of criticism from the cynical reporters saying why did you nominate these these liberals. These died in the wool progressives in these conservative states. Those liberals did better than all of the centras vanilla candidates we have run in those states in recent years, and they did better with independents. They were able to have the magic formula of exciting, Beto won independents 50 to 47 in Texas. Yes. Won them. And if, just to make a Beto for president point which doing that well with independents, in Texas, if you were to, if you were to model that performance, he would win 350 electoral votes. If he did that across the country. He won independents by 3, he won 7% of republicans, and uh, there were 23% in Texas were new voters and he won them by you know 30 points or something like that. And that's how you get to within 2 1 / 2 points of Ted Cruz in Texas. But the way the Washington media judges it, is what you do is you live up the ass of Ted Cruz's main consultant for a month <laugh> and then you write a piece. It it's just a warning to everyone, like, we're gonna see more of this as we get closer to 2020, there's gonna be all this punditry, there's all, they all base it off of ideology. All they can think about is someone centrist or someone left. Someone too in the middle or, and it's all garbage. Like, look for the candidate who you, in your gut tells you, will inspire a movement of American's from all walks of life to get out there, work their asses off and go to the polls. Look for that candidate. I'd also say too that one thing that Beto, Gilman and Stacey Abrams have in common, is they are inspirational, they are hopeful. They are positive sounding, yet they agenda is something that speaks… Yes yes. To that kind of working class roots of the democratic party and the the values of independent voters who've maybe gone to Bernie in the past, who are the kind of people who are coming out in red states to vote for medicaid expansion to vote for pro union <crosstalk>. Stacey Abrams whole campaign was about medicaid expansion. Yeah. She talked about it every where she went. So there is there is this interplay between the the quality of the candidates and the authenticity they bring to the table and their ability to relate to uh uh a broad ideological spectrum of voters and their willingness to advocate for simple working class politics. Everyone looked at Gilman's campaign and said oh he took on race really well, he handled it really well, but Gilman's message every single day was about the economy. Beto's message, every single day, was about the economy. These people had a populace economic message and a broad political appeal that was inspiring from people of all walks of life. That is the key. Pod Saves America is brought to you from Blue Apron. Smokey chicken and sweet potato bake. Hot Italian sausage pizza, beef and broccoli and <laugh>. These all feel like two entrees smushed together. Interesting typo there. Beef and broccoli and cumin spice sauce. Those are just some of the features. I like I like it when they add the cumin to it. These are just some of the featured meals this month at Blue Apron. I hate cumin. Blue Apron's mission is to make incredible home cooking accessible to everyone. My friend Elliot used to add cumin to things and I fucking hated it. You chose chef designed recipes. Blue Apron delivers fresh, seasonally inspired ingredients, allowing you to cook incredible meals in as little as 20 minutes. The taste of Fall. <laugh> Let Blue Apron do the meal prep for you. Blue Apron offers a range of recipes bursting with flavor. Whether you're looking for quick and easy meals or full culinary cooking experience, Blue Apron let's you chose from a range of recipes, options, like homestlye beef medallions and maple pan sauce. Get out of your cooking <crosstalk> Jon. New recipes. Do you think that uh, they would uh past muster with Paul Hollywood and Mary Berry? What? Baking show. <laugh> Um. I never know what their names are. Well let's keep going. The British one? Yes. It's wonderful. So check out this weeks menu and get your first three meals free at blueapron.com/crooked. That's blueapron.com/crooked to get your first three meals free. Free. Blue Apron, a better way to cook, bakers, your time is up. What they say? <laugh> Pod Saves America is brought to you by the upcoming film the Front Runner. From Oscar nominated director Jason Reitman, who brought us Thank you for Smoking, Juno and Up in the air. The Front Runner is based on the shocking true events that changed the path of a nation. Oscar nominee Hugh Jackman plays Gary Hart, the charismatic politician and overwhelming front runner for the 1988 presidential election. Senator Hart led George H.W. Bush in the polls by 13 points. Everyone was certain he would win, and then the world as we know it changed. How. Private scandal became front page headlines for the first time. And he really fucking mishandled it. The Front Runner is about, that's your opinion. The Front Runner is about the turning point in American history when privacy ended. Sort of. And we, as a country, decided we have the right to know. Written by Matt Bai and Jay Carson, this is the scandal and the story that started it all. Democracy isn't a spectator sport. Get involved and get your tickets to see The Front Runner. Text front runner to 26797. Message and data rates may apply. Pod saves America, is brought to you by the cash app. Brought to you by the Cash app. This one says cash app any and all drama for the listeners. That's their note for us. What have we got? What are we cooking up here? I mean it is, it's after the election so who knows? We don't know man. Are we excited are we not? Look I feel like we… We should be um… Left it all on the field. Yeah we should be we should be pundits analyzing the election without knowing the results. <inaudible> look both sides had some ups and downs. We saw some incredible turnout all over the map and the nation is divided for sure. Very fine voters. Look, what are they gonna do with these results? I think it would be something like um, one thing we've learned tonight is the American people are angry And they are voting. And they are voting. <laugh> <laugh> women. Women voted. We saw a lot of women voting today, but also men. <laugh> what's clear looking at the results is uh, one thing you cannot deny, the American people are divided and Donald Trump is still going to be the president. <sigh> Anyway, the cash app. The cash app. It's the fastest and easiest way to pay people back. If you download the cash app for the first time, which, would be wonderful. One way you know that we're doing this before the election is that the three of us have fully run out of words. We have been… There's no more words to say guys. I'm just refreshing the upshot. All we want to do. I did a recorded pod with Dan this morning. All I want to do is shout vote at the top of my lungs. Vote. <crosstalk> just vote. Now we're not saying it anymore it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. I mean vote next time for sure, even if we won or whatever. Municipal elections. Either way vote. The one nice thing about this being an election is it's time for the infighting. <laugh> Pod Save is the code. $5 to you, $5 goes to world central kitchen um, you know that's it. That's all we have to say. Alright, now to bring us back down to Earth, let's talk about Donald Trump's press conference today, which was followed by Donald Trump firing Jeff Sessions. First of all let's talk about the press conference. Was he a little more unhinged than usual? He seemed a little sadder than usual. <laugh> I thought he would pretend to be a little more upbeat than he was. Testy. Yeah he came out really sad and and honestly he only got excited when when a bunch of reporters kind of got in his face and then he got all fired up. He took energy from them. He got excited, he got his groove back because CNN pissed him off, so maybe. Does that make <crosstalk> Tay Diggs? <laugh> oh my God. He ran, he decided to dance on the graves of republicans who had lost and who didn't show sufficient fulty to him, including Neil Love, congress woman out of Utah who's race hasn't been called yet, which is just so crazy. Yeah he sounded like a mob boss up there. He started listing off republican candidates who lost and said, didn't want to give me the embrace. Forget about it. Didn't embrace me. Didn't want to embrace. The way the press reacted to it, not in the room, the coverage of it, also sort of bespeaks their yearning for the normalcy of politics that left us two years ago where in the press conference Trump did, he like just threw out there like of course I'd work with the democrats on things, and I called Nancy Pelosi last night. But that came three minutes after he said that if they subpoena me, I'm going to sick the senate to investigate them in vindictive witch hunts and the New York Times news alert was Trump pledges to work with democrats. <laugh> <laugh> I know I know I know. Also, it it's also a reminder of how many baked in lies they just accept. Like he's still saying two years later that he is under audit. That his taxes are being audited and thus he can't release them. One, how long do audits take. Two, you're the president of the United States, could you not expedite them? Three, of course you can release them, it's a lie. But we, they accept this. No one pushes back on this substance or ask for commitment or anything else. They still, two years in, they have not figured out how to deal with him and I realize it is a very difficult task. I don't know that I would be able to either. There's no, yeah there's no perfect question where the tax returns explode out of his pockets. <laugh> <laugh> But somehow they get it wrong on both sides where they um, they're like baited into this whole thing about a fight about Donald Trump, reporters versus Donald Trump and then that becomes the headline, which is what he wants. And yet, when he like lies and does his caravan shit, they all just sort of play it and hear it and you know you know. It's a hard thing right? It's a little bit like you're pulling into a parking spot, and Donald Trump comes in and swings in and stops you from getting to the parking spot and it's your fucking parking spot. And then he gets out of the car and is like you're in my fucking spot, get the fuck out of my parking spot, I was here first and you have a choice right? You can either rise to his level to fight back, or give in in some way and there's no good option. There's no good option because Yeah. Because you know, he he he drags you down to his level and it's happened to politicians, it's happened to the press uh, it's one of the great challenges to um, Shopping at Waymans. <laugh> Shopping at Waymans. <laugh> Okay so he at the press conference as he's asked, is Jeff Sessions job safe, he says I don't want to answer that right now, maybe in a little bit. <laugh> <laugh> that's so funny. And then as soon as the press conference ends, this is where the laughter stops because we get a news alert that he has asked Jeff Sessions to resign, um, Matthew Whitaker, who was Jeff Sessions chief of staff now becomes the acting attorney geneal, this also means that Rob Rosenstein is no longer in charge of the Russian investigation, the only reason he was is because Sessions recused himself. Now that Sessions is gone, Whitaker can take over. Um, what, what who is Matthew Whitaker and and what does this mean for the Russian investigation? It's the end of the Russian investigation as we know it. Matthew Whitaker is was a U.S. attorney in Iowa. He is a republican political operative, he was a CNN commentator who wrote in up ed, basically giving Trump a play book to end the Russian investigation before became Jeff Sessions chief of staff. The New York Times had an article a few months ago which we should have seen this coming, about how Trump loved Whitaker and Whitaker had been hanging out in the oval office for months. and we worked in the White House. It is very very strange for the President of the United States to have a meeting with the chief of staff of any cabinet secretary, let alone the department of justice which you are supposed to have a hands off relationship with. So the fix is in here. And what this means, Yeah to say the least. Yeah, what this means is that Bob Muller needs Donald Trump's chosen political hacks permission to file an indictment of Donald Trump Jr. He needs to release his report, to subpoena Roger Stone. Any move that he has to make, he has to ask Trump's hand picked successor to Sessions. This is a disaster. And the only thing that the rule of law this country has going for it right now if the democrats start the house. And so Adam Shiff can reopen the Russian investigation, can use the subpoena power he has to continue this going if the Russian investigation as we know it, ends today. Well you can also add the the house house having the subpoena power also gives them the ability to uh, subpoena anyone involved in the quashing of the investigations. You can also, it creates a little bit of a higher threshold for them to act because they know that anything they do will end up in front of a senate comity and probably a public senate comity. The other thing we don't know, is we don't know what Robert Muller did or didn't do to to protect himself in his investigation. mm-hmm <affirmative> Um, from this eventuality. We really just we don't know what's already we don't we don't know uh, we just we know so little and we've been months and months behind Muller for basically the entire time he's been special counsel. Yeah. If Robert Muller has a draft of his report sitting in a desk drawer somewhere, I believe that Adam Shiff can subpoena that. Now, the Trump justice department can refuse to comply with that subpoena, and then that would go to a court. <crosstalk> Brett Kavanaugh, exacting his partisan revenge on America. Which he promised to do in front of the entire country during his hearing. So, fuck you everyone who says democrats overplayed their hands because that's the guy that's gonna be on the supreme court <crosstalk> Here's what we need to do. Everyone that gave to the Peter Struck go fund me, we set up a new go fund me. We're gonna get Bob Muller a photo copier and he's gonna get going and print these fucking things an distribute them all over town. There's also one other one other defense which is people inside the justice department. Uh, and… Our friend Matt <crosstalk> People with integrity inside the justice department being willing to either leak or resign tell their story uh so you know, this is a very very bad. This is a precarious moment. It's precious moment, I think no one knows how it will turn out. But it would it would be a devastating moment had you all not worked so hard to take the house back last night because now we have the house. Which is the which is a level of power that we did not have a couple days ago. Yeah it it is a hell of a lot easier to shut down the Russian investigation of the department of justice if they don't have to worry about Devin Munez. We're headed into some interesting times people. Alright, well, anything else? Anyone got any closing thoughts on the election? We should say thank you. Yeah. Yeah. I want to say thank you to all of you who have listened and decided to go out and knock on doors and volunteered and donated to candidates and run yourselves, I know there's a lot of candidates you know listening too for state legislatures and other places, I'm just so proud of everyone and and it's the best part of our days is when you guys you know have tweeted pictures at us that you're you know knocking on doors and it's great. Yeah also, just a quick thank you to our team here. I don't want to start, I don't want to start naming names because you inevitably leave somebody out, but crooked media is about 25 people. Uh and they, people on our team built the vote saves America website uh that serviced like half a million people used it to find a sample ballot. 200,000 people pledged to devote on this sight. Uh I think 20,000 volunteer shifts were signed up uh through the site. So like very small handful of people were working their asses off. Like camp Presidential campaign hours. Presidential campaign hours because we thought, they thought it was good for democracy and it would be useful for you guys so thank you to our team and thank you to you all for using it and and and getting out there. Tommy would regularly yell at our staff it's time to go home. Yeah it's time to go home. Tanya, Shaniqua, EJ, go home. <laugh> Nikki. It's it's also, we focused on the races in California because we're out here, and one thing we woke up to this morning was people like Katy Hill ahead by a tiny bit, people like Harley Ruda, ahead by a tiny bit. A couple other races, Mike Lovin ahead by a little bit, other races really really close. We have a chance of eking out. Everybody who sort of got involved here in California, and got involved in the crooked eight, you can really be proud that you helped win some races because without that energy I think it's pretty clear that we would not have won those races. Lucy McBath is sitting there in in Atlanta just a couple hundred votes ahead of Gary Handle. A couple of thousand votes. Tony Evers is governor of Wisconsin by you know, these were, we won so many races by the slimest of margins and in those races, you all made the difference and now you know we wake up and we had some good wins and we had some tough losses and the fight continues. Everyone out there who ran, who canvased, who made phone calls, who gave $5 and $10 where they could, saved democracy. Like their wait is not done yet, but this, we didn't get through Tuesday. We had a close call. Yeah Tues, Tuesday like we have more work to do in 2020, take the weekend off, we gotta go back and we gotta win more senate seats. Win more governorships and take the White House back, but all of that, everything we care about would be at risk had we not taken the house back last night. This has been a really hard two years and you know I say that a lot but I I think in all the frenetic coverage and all the angst and all the news and the endless Trump shit and the endless disappointments, you can lose sight of the fact that all of that noise beneath it is just a real sense of fear and a sense that we didn't know our country that we lost our ability to have a say in our democracy, and I'm just so proud that we were part of taking that back. I'm proud of everybody that participated just because we woke up today with a win and it's good to know what it feels like to win and I I know we needed it and we got it and um, that's really exciting. Alright, well uh, we'll talk to you next week. Go ahead and take the weekend off and then… And then Monday, 2020 and fighting baby. Let's do this! No Monday Stacey Abrams run off hopefully hopefully. Hopefully hopefully. Tuesday? 2020? When does the infighting start Tommy? I want to do some infighting. It's already begun. Alright, we'll talk to you later. Bye everyone. Bye guys. Bye. 