<unk:rock_music_intro> This is Skidmarks Show, the Internet's favorite podcast. And by favorite, we mean the most popular show about cars and rock stars that has Jeff Allen and Ethan D on it. The bar is set low. Join us as we streak across America leaving Skidmarks on your heart and tire smoke in your lungs. Stream us, download us, like us, share us and give us five star reviews everywhere you go. And follow us on social media as we go on crazy adventures around the country, proving that we must've impressed someone important because we have no idea why they keep letting us do this stuff. Powered by Pennnzoil. Hey this is Satchel from Steel Panther and you're listening to Skidmarks Show, OWWW! Hey this is Aaron Hagar and you're listening to the Skidmarks Show. I love all you guys. Hey word up everyone, it's Corey Taylor here and you're listening to the Skidmarks Show cause why wouldn't you be? Skidmarks Show, episode 66, Jeff Allen and Ethan D, hosting this debacle we call Skidmarks Show. That right man, we're back in the studio, I'm here for just a limited time. I've got to run out real quick. Oh yeah? Yeah, Goodguys is going on man. I've got auto class. How we gonna do a show? Can't you see I'm in my fire suit. I've got my helmet on. I'm ready to go. I thought you were just dressing sexy for us. No, no, ah, there's, a purpose. There is a purpose? Yeah, the car's in the trailer, we're waiting to go. Alright. Let's get this show on the road. You look like you're ready to light something on fire. I'm ready to go, baby. I've got to get this show going and get out of here. I've got to get to Goodguys, man, at Texas Motor Speedway. I'm doing some auto crossing, in the epic, the undisputed, world champion of cool cars, a '63 Ford Falcon, known as Ronin. So you say you're going racing? Yes. You're not just wearing a fire suit for my benefit. No. Okay, you're going to Goodguys? Goodguys, doing some auto crossing, man. I've got to tear it up with the boys out there. What if we started a show that was our own thing and called it Greatguys, right? What if we started called Badguys? <laugh> There's already… Chicks always like bad dudes, right? Yeah. So Badguys would probably sell out. <crosstalk> and chicks dig scares. That's it. I don't really want to get on our first guest, but let's go ahead <crosstalk>. You're the one wearing the fire suit. <laugh> You're the one covered in protection. Okay, before this gets stupid, our first guest on episode 66 is Gidi. <unk:rock_music_plays> So next up, we're going to have Gidi Chamdi on the show. And what is exciting about this guy, he's the first ever to run a six second quarter mile in a GTR. What? Yeah, six seconds. Six seconds? IN A GTR! Now, wait a that's like faster than, everything? Well, it's faster, it's faster than seven seconds. <laugh> <laugh> Okay, well, ah, obvious stuff aside, that's faster than, it, it, It's fast, it's real fast. That's like… To bust into six seconds, it is totally. Yeah. <unk:phone_ringing> And not only that, he just won the GTR World Cup for the second time. Hello. Hello. Hello, is this Gidi Chamdi? Yes sir. Wow. Hey Gidi. This is Jeff Allen and Ethan D and you're on Skidmarks Show. Oh, nice, nice, thanks. Okay, Jeff was just telling me that you did a quarter mile in a GTR in ah, six seconds. A little bit more than six, 6.93, but yeah, it's considered in the six's. Well yeah, that is in the six's. Um, did, were, like, wow, how did that… Yeah. That's madness, man. Well, he didn't start with doing six second, you know, quarter mile. No, but he got there. I mean, that's like, you know. Yeah. That's, damn, damn near top fuel dragster kind of stuff you're looking at. Ah, we'll you've got to shave another three seconds, but yeah, you're getting close. Right, he's getting close. We're working on it. Did you hear that? He's working on it. Right, but in a GTR, and not a top fuel funny car or anything. Exactly. And he's in a road tested, and this car can still drive on the street, right? Unh, unh. It can drive on the street. It's not a street legal, but, the, the point is, it's, ah, it's ah, it's ah basically a stock chasse. You know, it's not a tube, it's not a, it's a car that was meant for the street that all we did was change the motor, the trans, the axles, the… Does it still have turn signals? Ah no, we took those off. <laugh:both_laugh> Okay. Cause I don't think I'm going to be using those on the track. Well yeah, I should hope not. I've seen the… Yeah. I've seen the video footage in the past, um, you know, and it was, it was quite a wh, ride, cause here you are, you're at the TX2K 17. Yeah. Which is Huston, I mean, it's our neighbors right down the road. Correct. And he did a pass at a 6.937 at 196.2 miles per hour. Whow! In a quarter of a mile. Yeah, but you've got to, you need to know the back, the whole story behind it. Of course. This was, this was a global chase for the six's. Oh. I mean, there were cars in Dubai, there's cars pretty much, all GTR's were gunning for the six's. And we were all fighting for it, and it kept on, we kept on going to the track and breaking, and failing and breaking. And everybody else in Dubai was failing and breaking. And everybody else in America that was chasing it. So it was, it was for about a year, the whole world was fixated on whose gonna get to six's first. And um, you know, that, that whole TX2K had story behind it cause we blew up a motor. We had to change our tranie, all before the 6.93. Did it catch on fire? It caught on fire, and so, we had, we had quite a trip, um, that trip. And, and, and that, you know, the guys ended up swapping two motors on, on the track, and a trans on the track. And um, we came in, luckily we came in like a day early to test things. And that's when we caught on fire, we had to change everything. And then we blew a motor, we had to change the motor, and then the trans. And so we kept on working through problems and at the end of the, it was probably our last chance. It was that's it, you either do it now or not. We tested the new motor, it went 7.12 at 200 and some miles an hour. Everything was working perfect. And ah, then we got to the line, basically the whole place was just standing up, look, you know, waiting for the <unk:spas>, cause this was it. And um, we ended up, I ended up doing the pass. It didn't shift into fifth gear, so we did it in forth gear. Um, and still got it, so if it would've shifted into fifth, we would have ran a tiny bit quicker. But 196 miles an hour for a six second pass is not, is, is slow, but we got everything on the short track and then that's why we got the 6.93. But it was quite, quite the um, experience at the TX2K. So take us back, man, cause you were saying this is a worldwide GTR hunt for this time. And you did it here in Texas. Yes. How, how did you get involved? How long has this been um, I guess ah, a worldwide challenge going on and how did you get started in it? Well I, I mean, I was always competitive in the GTR world, not always, but in the last three years, was competitive in GTR world. And um, I crashed in 2016 or 15, I don't remember, I hit, I had an Alpha 20, that at the time was the biggest built from AMS. And I hit the wall in um, in Ohio. And I crashed that car, and the next day I called AMS, the company that, that basically built the car, and I said, You know what, I want to get a car that will go, you know, that would be, take the record with it. And I, I had another GTR that was kind of a back up GTR that I was just driving on the street. And I said, Let's turn that one into a race car. Um, and then they said, Okay, let's do it. So I sent them the backup car. It took them about eight months to build it. Um, it was like an unprecedented build, like was never done before by AMS. And um, they tested it, everything, we came into TX2K, before last year. So last year was what, TX2K 17? Yes. We did it. We used the car at TX2K 16 and then form TX2K 16 to TX2K 17 we were chasing the record. We got the record, and then there was a chase for the six's. So the record at the time when I got it was 7.14. And from that point on everybody was like, Okay, that's great, but now it's first to the six's. So there's a, there's a um, team in Dubai that's, it's called <unk:Inkanu> and you know, the guys, they're great guys, but he has a lot of money. And, and basically we're trying to compete with a country, with a, with a team that has so much money, um, and try to get to the six's first. And we got it. I eman, this hobby will kill you financially. It makes no sense to do this. <laugh:both_laugh> This, we, we don't make any money for this. This is basically just bragging right. Um, it's, it's just, it's insanity, but I, I love it. So, you know, it's something that once you get into, it's very hard to say, you, ah, I'm out of here. Well. I was close many times. I was close cause I, I, I can't tell you how many times I blew up. People only, only see the successes, they don't see the failures behind the scenes. They don't see me flying to Chicago going to a track day, coming to the track all excited, getting into the car, first pass, Boom, car breaks down. Okay, but it back on track, on the, on the trailer, get in, good bye and go five/six hours to San Francisco. I mean, you know it's, ah, it will break you down, beat you up, and then smash you to the floor. You know, but you've just got to persevere, and, and fight through it. And I was close many times, to say, Why, why am I doing this? It makes no sense, you know. <laugh> I guess if you can do it though. And, and it's available to you, you're going to right? Yeah, yeah, I, I'm never going to stop this, this. This for me, it's something that I, nothing else excite me in life as much as, as racing. And um, you know, I was lucky to have some great achievements in the past three years, so it just pushes you to move forward and, and push through the, the hardships. And, and that's what I'm going to do. Well, and lets, we're going back up here. I mean, he just was, he just fast forwarded all the way to the Alpha G, GTR. Yeah. Okay, well we need to, let's go all the way back because, you know a few years back, in ah, Colorado Springs, I met you there. Yes. At a S3ctor, a Shift-S3ctor event. Yes. At the air strip attack. Yes, I think I remember. And at the time, I was running my stock GTR <unk:Penzilla>, which is now an Alpha-9+. Oh, boy. But so, it gives you an idea of the, what he's talking about. So he just jumped to Alpha-20. But he didn't just start with Alpha-20. No, no, no. He started, you know, I mean. <unk:Penzilla's> Alpha-9. Plus. Plus. You know I actually, I actually started, <crosstalk> Which is basically, um, on E85, it's a 1,050 on a, on 93 octane. It's running about 850. Whoa. Right, so can you imagine when he say, when he… Alpha-20. He sped up to Alpha-20, and we, we skipped a lot of the story because according to, you know, my records, you bought the first GTR in 2013. Correct. Right. So yeah, I, I started actually as, with just an exhaust. And by accident I ran into this event um, that was in um, I drove the car for seven hours. It was called Shift S3ctor, this event that was just these two guys came up with this idea, and then they ran out of track and um, Willow Springs. And I drove from San Francisco to Willow Springs with the GTR. And I think it was like a seven/eight hour drive over there. I drove with a friend and um, it was a freezing day over there at, um, over there at um, Willow Springs. So it was kind of in the winter time. Anyway, they, we did a track, a little circuit um, thing that they had. And at the end of that, they told us, Hey, let's do this straight line racing. Um, you know, We'll line you guys up and you guys race one another. And it ended up, I think I lined up against a Porsche, I don't remember exactly. But anyway, from that moment on, when I won that little straight away, it was over. I asked Jason, the, the, the um, the guy that organized it all, I said, When is the next event that you guys are going to have? He said, You know what, we're going to do this event in a, in a, um, ah air field in Cotinga if you want to come down, it's going to be in six or seven months. I went back home, I sent the car to somebody. I said, Build me a 900 horsepower car cause I gotta go out there and I gotta win that event. <laugh> And that all started, from, from basically a 540 horsepower car. Then we ended up going to Shift S3ctor, I ended up, I think I ended up winning the first one that I went to. And that's where I met Lucas. And from that point on, me and Lucas have constantly been um, been competitors, whether in the half mile, the quarter mile, we've been just fighting each other back and forth. We're good friends, of course, but it, we had this amazing rivalry with, with Lucas from ETS, I mean from English Racing. Um, and then I kept going to every Shift S3ctor after that. And then we got a Lambo so we moved into the Lambo platform for the half mile. And I turned the car, the GTR into a quarter mile only car. Wow. So it, it started from 900, and then we went to 1,200 horsepower, 1,400 horsepower, 1,600 horsepower, 1,800, in, in, in these exact increments. <unk:both_hosts_laugh> Alpha-9, Alpha-10, Alpha-14, Alpha-16, Alpha-18, Alpha-20 and Alpha-G. Geez. And Alpha-G. Alpha-G. And now we fast forward to Alpha G. Alpha G. And that, that stands for G-forces out the back of your brain. Oh, totally. Yeah. Totally, totally. Totally. It took the street right out of it. Yeah, yeah. I love it. <laugh> Like you said, you could drive it on the street, it's not going to be really good for that. Right, not legal, yeah. Yeah, it's not going to be fun. <laugh> <crosstalk> Now, you just mentioned the Lamborghini's. Yes. So you also just set another world record, right? Yeah, with a Lambo, with a, with an orange Lambo, with a yellow Lambo actually. Yellow. We went 200, yeah, 257 miles an hour with that. Well, I guess at that speed maybe it would look orange. <laugh> Yeah, you can't do much <crosstalk>. You went how fast? 256.999 miles an hour. Holy Cow! Did, what… It's, it's not the speed, it's the distance that we achieved. He did it in half a mile. And that car, and that car is street legal, man. That car will go on the street. That car will be enjoyable on the street. And, and that's the beauty of the Lambo platform. You don't have to turn them into a full, full on race car to achieve these amazing speeds with them. They have four more cylinders in them and, and it goes a long way. So, so Gidi I see a pattern here. So first off, it was like, Hey, I'm gotta have this GTR, I'm gonna race. NO, I'm gonna win every event I can. <laugh> Take, take as many as I can. Now, wait a minute, now at the time, because this is, this is also a big feud that going on, between the GTR's and the Lambo's. And the Lambo. Yeah, it's called, you know the GTR's caught going Lambo hunting and vice versa. Yeah. It's a, it's a big back and forth thing. So then he says, Well, I've, I've done, I've pretty much conquered everything in the GTR category, let's switch gears and go to Lambo, and I'll just crush everybody there too. Holy cow. Yeah. Well not, actually the way, when, when I, the GTR's are great for quarter mile, they're good for half mile, but when you start pushing them to death like when you're going 220, 230, there's so much more pressure on that motor. I mean, think about it, it's a six cylinder. There's so much more that it has to take. So much more abuse that it ends up breaking a little bit more than the Lambo's because the Lambo's have four more cylinders. So they're not working as hard to achieve the same speed. Ah, and they're lighter, ah, so you don't have to push so much of that weight that the GTR has on it. It is, it is a fat kid on cake. Right. That's for sure, I mean when you look at the, well, the GTR is a fat kid on cake. Oh, it's a fat cow. <crosstalk>. That is a very, very heavy car for what we do with it. Um, of course mine is not as heavy as a, as a stock one. But starting out, with a GTR, I mean, it's a 4,000 pound car. Right. Ah, it's a cow, it's a cow. So, but what we figured out is, that it's easier on the Lambo's to go the half mile. So I said, Why am I killing the GTR in the half? Let's just keep the GTR for the quarter mile and designate it, make it a drag car, and let's work with the Lambo's to do a little bit better in the half, for the half mile. So that was the idea behind it. And, and it ended up being pretty good because the Lambo's, I feel, do and can and will go even faster. And you got to remember, we now have Billet Blocks in the Lambo's. Billet Blocks got into the GTR's about two years ago. Now we have Billet Blocks in the Lambo's. We're just starting what we can push now with the Lambo's. We can push them a lot further. Once the Billet Blocks are going to be in, bigger turbos, so they can go much, much further. The GTR already are on the Billet Blocks, so <crosstalk>. And I think, one of the things that's amazing me right now, that some people may not have picked up on, is I, I remember ten years ago. The Bugatti Veyron comes out, 1,000 horsepower production line car. It took miles for it to get up to it's top speed of you know, to 40 whatever. You're doing that in a Lambo now, in a quarter mile. Half mile. Half mile. Half mile. Half mile. Still. Half mile on an un-preped track. On an un-preped track, ah, you're getting it up faster than that, over 250 miles an hour in a half mile! Um-mm-hmm <affirmative> That's just madness. That is insanity. <laugh:everyone_laughs> If it can go, I, I, in that car, the, the, I mean, what we're gonna progress with the Lambo's, they're still a long ways to go. I mean, we can talk about in a year and a half, look back at the 257 and go, puuuuhh, we thought that was a big deal. You know, but I, I think that will, those cars will a lot faster than that in the half. So we're just starting on that. This is good times in the racing world right now. It's just exciting times for me because everything is progressing so much, so fast. So do you see taking the Lambo to the distance and, and, and as far as you did the GTR? And as far as a true race car? Or, or you going to keep it more street-able? If, if was up to me I would, I would, I would make it more race because I, you know, I, it's not, it is a car that you can drive on the street. I don't drive it on the street. I, I like to take everything to the extreme. Um, I think it will be because as the GTR become um, you know, they can, when, when you look at the GTR in the half mile that's competing in that. The only car that's competing right now is the ETS car. But that car is a gutted out car. So we're going with a full interior car against a gutted out car. But now they started, well Prestige has a gutted, not gutted but a, but a race car Huracan. I don't know if you've seen that green one. So we're starting to turn em into race cars. The, the, the thing with the Lambo's is they're so expensive, it's not like turning GTR into a race car. You're turning a $300,000 car into a race car. So it, it, it takes a little bit more getting used to but, but eventually I think, we'll definitely will see more full on race Lambo's. And don't forget the Huracan's are just getting into the quarter mile game. In my opinion, in a year or two, it's a superior platform. In a year or two, the, the Huracan's will do some amazing stuff in, in the quarter mile. You're, you're throwing down the gauntlet. <laugh> Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I mean those, those cars are amazing. I mean, the Huracan's, they just have so much potential, and we're just starting. I mean, think about it, the GTR has been, we've been playing with the GTR since 2007 / 2008. Um, the Huracan's just came out in 2015, so there, there's so much more to that platform and, and it will just get better and better over time in my opinion. Now, you just won the GTR World Cup for the second time. Yes. Tell me how that feels. It feels great. Um, you know, I really like that event. Um, it, it's not like a normal event where you've got a million people. It's more exclusive. A lot of GTR's come out. It's a really fun event. The place the that we stay at and at night everybody's together. And there's a big dinner. And just for me, it's a lot of fun. There, there's the racing part and then there's the friendship part that you hang out with all the friends and everybody at the end of the night. And, and, and, and at the bar, it's a lot of fun for me. So it's, it's great. We had a, we had a car, we, I mean, that was the last event for the collaboration between me and AMS so we wanted to go out with a bang. Um, we were fighting some issues the whole time with the clutch slipping. Um, we're at the point where the GTR's, where the clutches are starting to not be able to hold the power and, and we see it more and more. So we couldn't, I couldn't do as, as good as I wanted to. Um, and it just um you know, it didn't happen. Well… But made it happen, we got the win. So the fastest car does not always win. The, the T1 car was doing much better, in the beginning. I mean, it had one run, but it ran an amazing 7.14 at 205 miles an hour. I was at the line watching that run. It always blows me away when you're in the car, you don't see or feel. I mean, you just concentrating on driving the car straight and fighting it the whole way down the track. But you don't hear, feel, or see the power that these cars produce. And the way they launch off the line, is just that ah, it always blows me away. So I was at the line, that thing made a wheelie, like two feet off the ground, and just went 205 miles an hour off the trailer. And I was like, Oh shit, how am I going to win, how am I going to beat this guy? <laugh:both_laugh> Ha, ha, especially when we were running 7. 50's um, you know, slipping the whole way down the track. So you know, we got lucky. Ah, you know, he got a little off. Um, the start that he had, he got close to the wall, he had to pedal it, then he had some kind of problem with the, the throttle bodies. And, and um, we managed to pull the win. So you know, I was really happy. It's not the optimal way for me to win a race, but that, that's racing. Sometimes the car that breaks the least wins the race. And so that's what ended up happening. But it was, it was a good, great event. You know, I, I really enjoyed it. I look forward to the one next year. And it gets bigger and bigger and bigger. Just the whole sport of the street cars um, is getting more and more mainstream. More people are discovering it. More people find interest in it. More people are coming out to each event that we go out to. Um, each time we go to an event it gets bigger. Look at the TX2K, it gets bigger and bigger and bigger. So it's, it's only going to get better from here and that's it. That's why I mean it's a really exciting time right now. Well, I think we're going to see the Lambo World Cup in the future. Probably. Yeah. I, I, I, I hope somebody comes up with the Lambo World Cup, that would be great. The problem is again, you have to remember this is just the start of the Lambo's and, and not a lot of people want to buy a $300,000 car and turn it into a race car. But, but… Yeah, some of us, if we had a $300,000 car, we're kind of like that's a lot of money for a car. I'm not gonna mess it up. Yeah, they just want to drive it on the street. Yeah. <laugh> Gidi, you say that, but you know, UGR, Underground Racing, has been tuning Lambo's for years. Correct. You know, even back with the Gallardo, was, and that was when everybody was starting to go, wait a minute, Lamborghini is not the exotic fragile car that it use to be. True. Yes. It was actually a well built, well engineered vehicle that you could modify. Yes. And that's kind of where Lambo's kind of left Ferrari in the dust a little bit is because of the modifications that you can do with it. Yeah, cause you don't see Ferrari's in track applications like this, ever. No. No, I haven't, I haven't ever seen one. No, hum-mm-hmm <negative>. And they need too. They really need to step into the next generation but I think because of the collaboration between Lambo and Audi, they've created a platform with that V-10. They've made it available to the everyday driver. No, no Well, I don't want to say everyday driver, cause these guys are dropping so much money into theirs, there's nothing every day about it. Yes. But it's, it's guys that are into motor sports can get into that with a Lamborghini, ah, platform, with that set up. Whereas they couldn't do it, you know, with the Ferrari stuff. Well, and the word bullet proof. Yeah. Was never used with the word Lamborghini, but now it is. Right. Because, it, you know that was a word that was used with Porsche in a three later, you know, air cooled motor. Right. You know, ah, that, that motor's bullet proof in the G-50 transmission, bullet proof. You know, and you never heard that with a Lamborghini or Ferrari, or anything that exotic. Yeah. And then once the Gallardo came out, everybody was modifying them. They could twin turbo em, they could supercharge them. They were putting a lot of horsepower into these vehicles. And the, the car was actually holding up. Yeah. Yeah. That's kind of unheard of in the exotic realm, you know. Yeah, because the, the Lambo is just such a great platform. I mean, you have a V-10, you have an all wheel drive, you have the weight, you have all these things that make you go, Shit man, I could turn this into a badass race car if we do this, this, and this, if we add the turbo's to it. We're blessed to have chops like UGR that know, that know what they're doing and actually are, are building amazing products ah, that prove themselves every time we go to a half mile event. And now we're getting into the quarter mile game. Um, so things are only going to get faster and better. The Ferrari's you've gotta, you've gotta eight cylinder, you have rear wheel drive, so it's not as um, attractive as, as, the, the Lambo's. It's not as much potential, but you know, you just have to have the one guy that goes, You know what, I'm going to turn this into a race car. And then another guy. Usually people see something and if it succeeds they, they will take that plunge you know, and try it, somebody's… Right. You know, there's also <crosstalk> an attitude between if you look at like ah, Ferrari, if you picture the Ferrari owner in their mind, those people are going, I bought Ferrari, it's the top of the line car. Yes. You picture Lamborghini people now, nowadays, and they're like, Ow, I can make this better. Or somebody buys a Ferrari, Oh, it's the best, it's the best there is. You know. Trust me, there's a, there's a group of Ferrari people that are a little jealous of the Lambo. Right. And I'm one. Yeah. Cause I'm a hardcore Ferrari guy. But I, I go, Okay, do I buy the Italia? Right. Or do I sit there… You wouldn't buy a La Ferrari and sit there and go, I could make it better. You, you want to. You want to, but you're like, you're not, I don't want to, I'm, I'm scared to touch it. It's a La Ferrari. Yeah. Correct. Well, nobody's gonna be out there really racing it. Nobody's doing it with a La Ferrari. Let's, let's face it. I'm just saying. But I'm, yeah. There's an attitude. And, and it's not like these guys are running ah, Aventador's either. Right. They're not doing that either. They're running the Huracan's and the Gallardo's. And it's because of the platform that's there. And what's available. Yeah. So if we started a Skidmarks Show, a half mile air strip attack, with Fiat's, are you in? Like a Fiat Abarth? <laugh> I, I, I, <crosstalk> at 150. See I would be, I would be scared with what he would show up with. I know, right. <laugh> It would be like a 5,000 horsepower, Fiat 500. <laugh> Fiat Pop, convertible. <laugh:everyone_laughs> With the top down, absolutely. I'll be there watching. Okay. <laugh:everyone_laughs> I'll tell you what, the next Pike's Peak is going to be unbelievable. The one's that's coming up. Um, we're going to be there with that yellow car. GTS is coming with their car. That, that Pike's Peak is going to be pretty crazy. Um, the next, what attracts me, in the future, is to do, try to do a mile with a, with a, Lambo and try to get that 300. Ow. That, that for me, is the next, is the next exciting thing. Yeah. And the next challenge. We just need time and, and, and money to build a car like that. I actually have a car that we can use for that. Um, we just need to test it. But I believe we can go, that yellow car will go 300 in a mile, in my opinion. I usually don't say things before I do it, but I, I just… You just did. Yeah, you just did it. You said it, public record. Yeah, yeah, one of the first times I do it, I usually don't talk. First I do then I talk. But I, I feel that, that yellow car can go 300 in um, in a mile. Well that is definitely the next bar that people want to jump over, so. Yeah, because 4GT, that's the 4GT, that, that 4GT rules in a mile. And we get the speed so much faster. If you take a 4GT and run it in a half, I think the fastest 4GT in a half is 2, I don't think they ran a 220, to tell you the truth. Boy. They just take longer to get to speed because it's a rear wheel drive car. We get to speed much quicker, and I'll hold the speed, you know, and I, and we can just continuously gain. But we just need to test it and do a little, a few changes. We need higher gearing. Um, but I just feel that, that the Lambo is superior to the GT um, and can go 300. We just got to go out and do it. So basically 300 is the goal? <crosstalk> Yeah. That's what everybody's gunning for. It's the next goal. GT ran 293, I think is the fastest GT, 293 / 294. I don't remember exactly in a mile. Um, I mean, think about it, we went 257 in a half, and you've got another half. Of course, it's not going to double, but it still, I, I just feel, I really want to try it. And um, it's up to, it's up to the guys at UGR, we'll see um, if we can do something like that. But that would be pretty exciting. Well, Gidi, we're going to be watching. Yes. Yeah, absolutely. And when you break that 300, you better call us back and go back on the show, so we can have the celebratory episode. Yes, sir. We'll say, Remember we talked about that, and now we did it. Alright. That's right. Thank you for joining us, my friend. Alright, thank you for having me. Take care. Alright, bye-bye. <unk:rock_music> And now, Jeff calls Ethan from Goodguys at the Texas Motor Speedway. <unk:phone_rings> Hello, hello. Hi, how's it going? Hey man, it couldn't be better if I was on fire. Well, I, yeah, no, that wouldn't sound like that would be better in any situation. No, no, I'm just so excited, you know, that I'm out here racing at Texas Motor Speedway with Goodguys, with the Lone Star Nationals. You know, after an epic week in Las Vegas, for the Pennzoil 400, I just got the itch that I had to drive fast, race, legally, yes. All those, check all those boxes, and it all lead me right back to Dallas, to Goodguys for the Goodguys auto cross. Yeah, we were um, at the Pennzoil 400 in Vegas, went down in the pits, standing right there, watching those cars fly by at 200 miles an hour. It'll make anybody want to get behind the wheel and do some hot laps. Heck yeah it will, I mean, we were watching, it was, it was epic, it was epic to be part of it for the inaugural Pennzoil 400, you know. Unfortunately Joey Logano didn't win. It would have been cool to see him come through there and do some skidmarks through the Pennzoil Logo. But you know what, it was still a victory. It was great for Pennzoil. I mean the whole place, I mean, not only did they paint Las Vegas Speedway yellow, but almost all Las Vegas, was almost yellow that whole weekend. Oh yeah, a lot of that was and ah, some of that dirt out there in that dessert is close to naturally yellow anyways. And ah, and ah I like to pee outside a lot, so there you go. Alright, well there you have it. <laugh> So anyway, I'm at Goodguys and I've got to tell you something. It is so cool to be out here. They've got auto cross set up. I don't know if you know about their 2018 schedule, but every national event, everybody's shooting for what they call the 16 car shootout, which happens Saturday afternoon. And we're early into Friday right now, I've got about five laps in. We are running 15th out of a 32 car field. Tomorrow's gonna be, ah probably ah, I want to guess, there's going to be about 20 more cars join us. You know, cause maybe some people couldn't get off on Friday. But ah, you know, I definitely had to come in here and get some seat time behind the wheel, cause this is the first time really that I get to drive ah, Ronin consecutively, like you know, in the same pattern. Even when we did Optima, you know, Ultimate Street Car Invitational. One day it was a road course, next day it was an auto cross, next day it was a speed stop. You know what I mean. So this is repetitive, same course, going head-to-head against all these other amateurs, plus the pro's that are here. Now, you're at Texas Motor Speedway, but you're not just doing the oval, cause that's like two and a half miles. It's one of the biggest ovals in NASCAR. Are you, is, is the whole track in the infield there? Or is part of it out on the oval and go back in? How's the track there at Goodguys? No, you're basically just killing cones. And the whole thing is set up on one end of the in-field. And, and actually pretty tight course. You know, we had no idea that we would be making so many 180 's in Ronin. And it's really not set up to do 180 's. But I can't complain cause the car's on fire. It is running better than she ever has. You know, we're, we're not sticking as well as we'd like you know, coming out of the corners and stuff. But, you know, the whole deal is, sometimes less is, is more. And in this case I've got so much horsepower. And on the back straights we are literally just lighting the tires the whole way down the straights. So, your skid marking? It's cool for the fans. Anybody watching from the fence is like, Yeah, do that again. You know, so it's kind of fun to see that happen. Having a hard time getting the power down? I think, yeah, well, you know, we're only running at 275 tire, even when you look at some of the ah, you know, running NT05's from then on, it's a great tire. Especially from a performance, performance end. But a lot of the pros are running like a 355 in the rear. So you know, you got, any time your wider, wider is better, you know you're getting more of a patch that's connecting to the surface. And that's what you want. Especially if you're trying to hook up. Um, or you want to stick to your tire like a race compound. But in an event like this, you have to run a 200 tread ware street tire approved DOT tires. So it's not like you can come in here with some, you could come in here with some race compound tires, but your definitely gonna get kicked into what they call the fun class. Ah, I got cha. So, we will, we want to stay competitive, we want to see how it's going to hook up because we want to do a few more of these events. And we wanted to set this one as our training zone. Like, okay, we're coming into this, first time out. How's the car set up? How's it handling? How's the driver? And I've got to tell you, the car should be in the top ten, but it's probably going to be driver error that's going to not put it in the top ten because ah, let's just say, I hooked a couple cones out there today. <laugh> <laugh> But you know what, those cones deserved it. They were looking at you ugly. That's right. That's what I said. I said, Yay, you're in the way. No, it's a, it's, it's, a cool, course. The one thing I like about it is anybody can come out and do it. And they, they let you run on Friday. They let you run all day Friday, all day Saturday, and part of the day Sunday. And I'm like, you can't get that kind of driving experience or that kind of racing in on any other kind of event. Like, you know, for the dollar amount. I mean, I think it was like $35 or $45 and I preregistered. Really? And you get three days of racing? Yeah, I've gone to some events and spent more than that and got three runs in. So for anybody that's out there that has any kind of car they just want to go out and have fun and learn car control with it. And it fits the age range, cause you know what, Goodguys just extended the age range. It used to be they stopped at 72. Now they stop at 87. So now you've got all these other cars that are showing up in here that are going to be super competitive because you know, technology got more advanced as we win. So like my '63 Ford Falcon, even though it's not stock, it's far from stock. It's still gonna be competing against ah, more modern muscle cars because every thing has to have an American power plant, from what I understand. So you have to have an American motor in it, but it doesn't necessarily have to be an American car. Oh. It just has to fit the age range. So, you know, last time we were out here, we saw a 914 Porsche with flared finders. And I love 914 Porsche with flared finders. It was even running a small block 383 stroker motor in it, you know. How did he get a small block into a 914? Those things are awesome and tiny but they're like what, a foot and a half off the ground. Well, what you do is, if you look at a 914, it's, it's true <inaudible> so that the motor is completely right behind the back seat. And so what they do is, they extend that into the trunk area and open that up. That's how they do that. Oh. So, it, it, it's been done for years. Um, usually makes the car a little too heavy compared to like if you just had a really well built, two liter, or if you were fortunate enough to have a 914.6, which those prices have just gone into the stratosphere. But if you had one of those, they were just well balanced. And um, really good, really good auto cross car. Plus, those 914 just look awesome. It was like a very exclusive design for you Porsche fanatics out there. That ah, and they didn't do them very long, did they? Oh, they made them for quite a few years and what it was, it was actually in, in, in lack of better terms it was a poor man's Porsche. What Porsche was trying to create was, a car like Volkswagen did with the Bug. It was every, everybody's car, you know. Right. Everybody, so Porsche wanted to do the same thing. They wanted to come out, the 911, it was a lot more expensive than a 914. So this was an opportunity for that guy that's looking for a performance car, didn't have a lot of money but always wanted to own a Porsche, here's an entry level Porsche, so. Its funny cause the 914 is kind of like the Beetle of the Porsche and the Karmann Ghia is like the Porsche of the Volkswagen. <laugh> I'm not even going to follow that because that was really weird how you went there, but hey, if it works for you, that's good. That's just how my brain works. It makes sense. I'm there. Okay, as long as it made sense to you. Yep. But what's cool about the, you know, the auto cross right now is Ronin is doing really well. I'm very happy to be in 15th position. We'd like to break into the top ten. Ah, we'd actually like to make the 16 car shootout. That would be ideal. You know, but there's about, I think there's like six to eight pros that are already here. So you got to figure, if the pros, they've been doing this quite awhile, otherwise they wouldn't be called a pro. By pro, you mean, like they do ah, they do these auto cross things all year long? Or you mean like their actual NASCAR type pros? Well some of them, may want to be NASCAR type pros, but ah, you know, let me give you an example, one of the pros that I know, had a great conversation with him a couple of years ago. It was Robbie Unser. That guy won Pike's Peak. And he's out here competing with Speedway and you know, and he's in a vintage Camaro. And he's running, in fact, I think he won the, the 32 car shootout in the dessert or something last year. So he's very competitive. That's the kind of guys you get out here. But you've, you've got some die hard pros from Summit Racing and some of the other, you know, big companies that sponsor these cars. And then you've got a bunch of amateurs out here. And I'm in the amateur class. You know, we're, we're not even in the realm of the pros yet. But ah, it's kind of cool that they do this shoot out. Unfortunately, I think they should do an amateur shoot out and a pro shoot out cause I think I could make the top 16 in the amateurs. <laugh> I think you could. But you, you said Robbie Unser is, is that of the Unser family fame? Correct. His brother is the one that won Indy in the Domino's car, so yeah. Well there you go. So yeah, that's, that's definitely a pro family you're working at. Yeah, and that's one of the things that when you come out to these events, it's cool to see that, but it's also cool for them to you know, give you the opportunity or not, you know, it's not very expensive to come out here and exp, to have fun in, in a close course, completely legal. You can go out there, and you can, you can blow off some steam and you can get some laps in. You can learn some more car control. And you can actually test yourself against the pros because your times are going, everybody's times are posted. So you can sit there and go, oh wow, you know, I'm three seconds off the pase of the fastest pro that's out here. Right, so you could say that you raced a member of the Unser family driving legacy. That's pretty cool to put on your resume. Yeah, and, and if you happen to beat him, wouldn't that even be cooler? Exactly. Not going to happen but it would be awesome. Well, you know what? We're not going to give up. You know, we're here, this our first day at it. We're going to try and climb that ladder. We're going to try and break into the top ten. At least that's a goal that we've set coming into this, that if we can make top ten in the street machine class. Cause the street machine class is the biggest class out here. Let me explain that to you guys. Street machine, anything that qualifies between age all the way to 87. So if you're in a Grand National, if your in an Irock Z, if you're in a Corvette, if your in a '63 Falcon. It all goes into street machine. If you really want to do something competitive, go out and build a hot rod. Because every time I come out to this event, there's only about two or three hot rods that are running competitively out here. And if you have a hot rod, you're at least going to go away with first, second, or third. Yeah. You know what I mean? Right. There you go, if you enter the classes where nobody's in them, you're going to be a winner. That's right. So the hot rod is the, you know, that's the one. Plus think about it, you're going to build a car that's lightweight, lot of horsepower, lot of fun. But if you had a hot rod out here that would be ideal. You're definitely going to place every time. So far, till more people catch on and go, Hey, wait a minute. And then you've got the truck class, which is pretty cool. So the truck class, ah, right now, is currently, I think there's like five trucks in the truck class. So if you look at 32 cars in my class. Five in the truck class. Three in the hot rod class. And then there's like, I think there's like, eight pros that are here. So that kind of just gives you an idea of the situation you're in. So going for that top 16, you know the eight pros are more than likely, unless one breaks or they don't have a good run. More than likely all eight pros are going to make the top 16 shootout. So there's about eight other places for all the amateurs to fall into. Alright. So that would be ideal, but for us, we just make the top ten of the muscle cars. That's our goal. Well, then I would say put your fire pants back on, quit talking to me and go do some more racing. You've got it brother. That's what we're going to do, man. We're getting ready, we're in the house representing right here at Texas Motor Speedway for Goodguys Lone Star Nationals. You guys check it out. Skidmarks Show, it's your favorite one night stand with no walk of shame the day after. Stream us, download us, like us, share us, and give us five star reviews, everywhere you go. Skidmarks Show, powered by Pennzoil. <unk:rock_out> 