This episode of Food Psych is brought to you by my online course Intuitive Eating Fundamentals. If you're ready to leave diet culture behind and reclaim the life it stole from you, learn more and sign up at christyharrison.com/course. That's christyharrison.com/course. Welcome to Food Psych, a podcast about intuitive eating, health at every size and taking down diet culture. I'm your host Christy Harrison and I'm anti-diet registered dietician and certified intuitive eating counselor, offering online courses and programs to help people all over the world make peace with food. Join me here every week as I talk with interesting people from all walks of life about their relationships with food and their bodies. Hey there, welcome to Episode 148 of Food Psych. I'm your host Christy Harrison and today I'm talking with Rebekah Taussig, a disability advocate and writer who has one of my absolute favorite Instagram accounts. We get into why body positivity needs to be a radical and intersectional movement, the connection between body acceptance and disability rights, the many ways in which diet culture has infiltrated disability culture and affects people in disabled bodies and so much more. I can't wait to share our conversation with you in just a moment. It's one of my favorites of recent history. But first I'll answer this week's listener question which is from a listener named Cassidy who writes Hi, Christy, I'm wondering if you can give some practical tips on how to speak truth about health at every size and intuitive eating in situations where only a short or casual response as possible. This week I was walking done the street with my roommate and she made a comment about not wanting to buy more jeans until she loses X pounds. Of course my mind was reeling with long winded responses about health at every size but I was at a loss for words and ended up just chuckling along with her. Any advice for shutting down diet culture in those situations would be greatly appreciated. So thanks Cassidy for that great question and before I answer, just my usual disclaimer, these answers are for informational and educational purposes only and aren't a substitute for individual, medical or mental health advice. I'm sure you know that by now because you probably heard me say it a million times. So first of all I wanna say that the pressure to laugh along with people is very strong in those situations, so you're not alone in feeling at a loss for words. You know, I have a lot of compassion for you, I've been through this myself, I know many people in the space that I work with have also been through this situation, so you're not alone. And is definitely great to have some sort of quick responses prepared ahead of time, so that you can have something to pull out of your pocket when you're feeling kind of awkward and don't know what to say, you can sort of just default to something that you already know. So in this case you could have maybe said something like the body you have now deserves to have cute genes too. That's something that sort of immediately popped to my mind or, you know, if you wanna be sort of cute and cheesy and sweet, you could be like I think you're perfect exactly as you are. I don't think you need to change your body one bit. There is also the option of saying something like, actually I'm not a fan of weight loss and that really opens the door if she wants to ask more about why you feel that way or it could just sort of hang there, you know, awkwardly and then you could change the subject. But at least you've introduced a different point of view, just injecting that little kind of comment of like, actually I don't think weight loss is the greatest thing, I don't think it's a great idea or I'm not a fan, is a good way to just show that there is other ways of thinking about this possible, that the diet culture way is not the only way. And it sounds that this wasn't necessarily a triggering experience, like it wasn't triggering to hear her say that which is great, so you don't need to go into thinking about how to manage triggers, but I do think something that I often recommend for people who wanna help manage triggers could also apply here, which is that if you feel safe, if it feels comfortable to you to talk to her about this stuff, you could try offering a little bit of your own experience as a way of explaining why you don't think weight loss is a good idea. So you could say something like, I've actually been working on loving my body at any size because the pursuit of weight loss has really caused me a lot of pain and I don't wanna do it anymore. 'Cause that really opens the door to talk a little bit more about your experience and why you've made the decision that you've made and that kind of personal revelation is really much less debate inducing than if you launched into a whole oratory about health at every size because you're not debating the points of science and conventional wisdom that people have received from diet culture that often times they really have a hard time letting go of. But you're actually just saying like, well, for me personally here is what happened and I think that kind of thing really does crack a door, crack a window open in people's mind to think, oh wow, this kind of weight loss talk and diet culture can actually harm some people and there is this person's doing it in a different way or trying to do it in a different way because they found it harmless to them. I wonder if it's harming me too? Often times hearing people discuss their own experiences can make you reflect on yours and vice versa. So that might be a nice way to sort of open the door to a larger discussion about this or at least just plant the seed. And in my own life I will say when I encounter someone doing a lot of diet talk or weight talk like this in those little moments, I'll usually say something like, well, I actually have a different philosophy, which if they know I'm a dietician they'll kind of know what I'm talking about or if they don't know I'm a dietician then I'll add that part as well and I'll usually say a sentence or two about the way I practice and how it's different from the conventional weight paradigm that most dieticians practice from. So I think that's a helpful way to open door, just like to talk about your own experience, but I think whatever you say just try to keep it brief and friendly and trust that if the person wants to know more they'll ask and if they don't the conversation will just move on and that's fine too. 'Cause sometime really all you can do is plant a seed. I've said that a lot on the podcast. You know, you're just planting seeds and you're not necessarily gonna have time or space for a big conversation but you're just interjecting something that might be helpful or might be different for someone to ponder and maul over or just forget about until it resurfaces later and they're like, oh, my friend Cassidy said something about this, you know, years down the line or whatever. So sometimes just planting the seed is enough and in many situations you wouldn't necessarily even want to get into a big conversation anyway even if you did have the time and space because sometimes people just aren't ready and sometimes they're gonna debate you and sometimes they're gonna be really upset or triggered or whatever, they're gonna have their own reactions that then you have to deal with. And so it can be a helpful way of setting boundaries for yourself too by just being like I'm just gonna do a little bit, I'm just gonna say a little bit here, I'm not gonna get into something big because I just don't feel ready for that right now, I just don't feel up for that today or whatever. And, you know, if you don't feel ready for it because you're pretty early in your health at every size and intuitive eating journey, that's completely normal and understandable. I think it takes a long time of working out these ideas and thinking about them and debating with them before people feel comfortable fielding all the questions they're probably gonna get if they get into a big discussion about intuitive eating and health at every size. So I think having resources to direct people to if they do ask is helpful and of course this podcast is one. You can always point people to. That's always helpful for us too to get more listeners but helpful for them to start diving into these concepts as well. So Episode 127 is a great one to start with, to introduce the concepts of intuitive eating and health at every size or Episode 31.5 which is called Getting Started With Food Psych and Body Positivity, kind of introduces the whole overarching idea of the podcast and then gives people kind of a roadmap of which episodes to start with and where to go from there. So I help that helps Cassidy. Thank you so much for your question and if you wanna submit your own question for a chance to have it answered on an upcoming episode, go to christyharrison.com/questions and you could ask yours there. That's christyharrison.com/questions. And then if you want a whole library of answers from me to help you master intuitive eating, plus the chance to ask me any question you want and have me answer it quickly in an exclusive monthly Q&A that I do, you can join my online course; Intuitive Eating Fundamentals. The course has 13 modules of content teaching you the principles of intuitive eating plus an exclusive monthly Q&A podcast that I talked about which has 100s of answers to people's questions about intuitive eating. And when you join the course you can ask me your questions and have me answer them in the following month's Q&A. So that's a really easy way to get your questions answered pretty quickly. Participants really love the Q&As and they've told me they help it feel like a really personal touch to the course and another thing that they really love is our private Facebook group which is exclusively for course participants. I'm in there interacting with people everyday, so they feel really supported by me and my wonderful staff, and it's also just an incredible group of people. Your fellow participants in there are so cool and it's so important to have a community when you're going against the grain of diet culture and everyone else in your life is talking about dieting or clean eating or trying to lose weight or whatever it is. So we need communities where we can go for refuge from that stuff and get re-energized to go out and fight diet culture some more because it's a really tough battle. So if you're ready to become an intuitive eater and leave diet culture behind with a great community if people supporting you to do it, learn more and sign up for the course at christyharrison.com/course. That's christyharrison.com/course. And now without any further ado, let's go talk to Rebekah Taussig. So tell me about your relationship with food growing up. Well, I grew up in a family with six kids. I'm the youngest of six kids and there are three girls in our family and some of my earliest memories with food would be sitting around the dinner table, we were always forced to finish everything on our plate. That was kind of one of the rules and I was always the last one to leave. It would take me forever because I hated canned food and ham and all, I, well, I hated actually I really didn't like a lot of the food that we ate growing up but I would always be the last one to leave the table so my dad would read a page of a book to me and then I'd have to take another bite and then he's read another page and I had to take another bite and he did that for like an hour and a half. So I think my earliest association in, in that sense was less about enjoyment or less about hunger. Neither of those things really factored in. It was more kind of like fitting into a family structure and that, that makes sense, there was like six of us, right, and so it was sort of a necessity I think like this is our eating time and that we had a really tight budget so mom made this food for us and my dad paid for it and it was like now it's time to eat. So those were really early memories but I think in terms of like developing my larger ideas about eating and how it connected to my body, developed a little bit later surrounding a lot of my mom's ideas about femininity and what it means to be beautiful and a lot of that was wrapped up in thinness and being really small and being kind of frail. So she, we grew up like hearing all of these stories about how tiny she was in her youth and even as a mother, like a lot of stories about her doctors commenting on how thin she was and she would say all the time, she would say things about how she just doesn't think about food and we would know that she would forget and I, I, I say forget in quotes because I'm not really sure what that means to forget to eat, that doesn't seem like every human. <laugh>. Right, like but she would forget to eat and so there was just a lot of obsession or focus on being really small and thin and having people commenting on her body and her retelling that to us a lot. And to this day I'm not sure that she's even aware that that's a thing that she did or does. It just seem so ingrained and it's like this constant stream of narration. So I'm the youngest and I had two older sisters and so I always felt like they kind of fit in line with her desires and expectations for what her girls would be, which is very tiny and small and kind of frail. And I didn't fit into that and started to notice that right around adolescence, like middle school, I'd never forgot to eat. Like that was never gonna happen to me. <laugh>. I loved, always have loved, loved, loved eating and in adolescence I was growing and so I had kind of this unending appetite and I can remember coming home from school and like I think there was a good month when I would make myself an entire casserole dish of custard and just eat the whole thing and when I got home I was just like that was my treat and, and I was like starving when I got home and I would just completely dive in. And so I started to grow quite a bit and I think that was when I started to grow and notice that my body was just rounder and softer than my sisters'. And then of course right around that time my body, our bodies were attached to male desire, you know, so like you're small, you need to be small and petite and frail to attract male attention and that was very important and valuable in, you know, the subtle ways that you were in those messages both at home but and every other story being told around us. Totally, just diet culture in general reinforcing that everywhere you go. Yes, exactly. So there, you know, there is like no escaping this message and at the same time you hardly notice that you're learning it. So those two things at the same time I was definitely comparing my body to my sisters' bodies and both in theirs, their smallness, their almost like boniness and my, I don't know, I mean it's more than softness because of course at the same time there is my, my disability is a part of that narrative too. I was just gonna say I'm curious how your disability connected with your relationship with your body and if it had any bearing on your relationship with food or that piece too? Yeah, well, as I was thinking about this conversation and, and how I would make sense of that in my mind, it's actually a lot more connected than I would have thought in this insta- so I'm like noticing that my body is rounder and softer than my sisters' but part of that is it's also like asymmetrical. So I'm paralyzed, so I have, I actually have really thin actually scrawny legs but then I have my trunk, my torso is really globe sighted, uh, pretty severe scoliosis and so one half of my body kind of, or my belly protrudes out pretty far on the right and then sinks in on the left and my arms were always a lot stronger than the rest of my body because I use a wheelchair to push myself around. And so it was, it was in part like I'm noticing that parts of my body are really round but it's also the shape of this body is so strange. I start to see it that way. I start to see my body as really strange and even words like grotesque or monstrous. I felt really unsightly and hideous as I started to notice how different my body was from my sisters' bodies, from what I was cutting out, magazine clippings, I don't know why that as the thing to do in middle school- Aargh, yeah. And high school but like somehow I'm like cutting out all of these magazine clippings and making posters. It's almost like really distorted vision boards in the 90s or so, 90s. Totally. Aargh, I completely did that too. It's so ridiculous. I know, I know. What an exercise and pain and suffering. Seriously. So I'm just like comparing myself to all of the images of what I'm seeing as beauty, beautiful and desirable and I'm none of those things. And so for a time, I would go through periods of like really weird restriction, weird restrictions in the sense that I would eat like of ice cream but then like nothing else for dinner and somehow thinking that that was gonna help me attain the shape and size that I was seeing as like the goal. So just kind of making up diets for yourself basically. Yeah, and would do that for a time and then kind of like swing back into eating whenever I wanted and so it was kind of like a cycle. I know that's pretty common for people, so nothing terribly unusual there but, yeah, but the thing is it didn't ever really matter. Like there was nothing that I could do with food that would make my… There was no amount of restriction that would make my body transform into this ideal image because my body was always going to be paralyzed and I was always going to have this strange asymmetrical shape and I was always gonna be in this wheelchair and my feet were always gonna be limp and swollen and, you know, there was just no amount of restriction that could transform me. And so I think at a certain point I really just started to detach myself from… I tried to kind of pretend like I didn't even have a body. So I didn't want to look at myself, I didn't want other people to look at it, I wanted to ignore it entirely. And so I kind of set to work disentangling myself from even having any sort of body because it was just too much shame. Yeah, so it was like a coping skill almost to distance yourself from your body? Yes, yeah, absolutely and of course that doesn't like get rid of the shame. Right. You know, that's not, uh, solving any problem there. In fact it kind of enforces it and protects it. But I definitely kind of sunk into that way of connecting to my body. It was never going to be the object and shape that I felt like it needed to be in order to be acceptable and so what do you… Like there is no other option. I just have to like, I can't acknowledge that it exists. Yeah, so you like pretended that you didn't have a body basically? Pretty much, yeah, in every way. I'm not gonna pay attention to how my body feels when I'm experiencing like even to the extent of enjoying what it feels like to be in a bath. So there is no pleasure that my body can experience and that just became more and more dysfunctional for me as I got older and shaped a lot of my decisions on relationships. How did that affect things with relationships? It's kind of, um, a sad story. I mean when I think about it in retrospect which I guess a lot of us maybe as time goes on you look back and we're like why, why I don't know why I thought that was smart. Till, okay so, so much of the value of having a beautiful body was the currency to be able to attract a male who wants you. I mean like it's, it, that was sort of the set up, right, like- Yeah, that's what we're told. Yes, right, right. So and I need this body so that a guy would want to be with me and think that I'm beautiful. And so I, I actually started dating a guy in high school who was really into my body and it felt like this shock to me and I liked him as a friend, at least at the beginning. We got along okay, but really there was just kind of like a, we used each other in different ways and he kind of used me for my body in a lot of ways and I used him for feeling good about my body in a lot of ways and of course no relationship is just one thing but that was kind of part of our dynamic. And so I married him, very young, when we were 22 and, and there were lots of reasons for that one of which and not a small reason, one of which was I really believed that nobody else would ever want to be with me. It just seemed so like I had somehow been struck by lightning or something. Like this is never going to happen again and if I want to have a partner, which I had really absorbed and believed that that was what you needed to have, you needed to have a, a husband in order to have a family and, and a happy life. And so like the wise 22 year old that I was this was… I wasn't in love with him but, you know, how often does that happen. So we got married and it was immediately a disaster I know, so shocking. <laugh> I know. Really. Yeah. That's unbelievable. <laugh>. Yeah, but one of the things that I think is the most interesting part of how this went down and really when I think back on it really makes me feel just astounded by my body and really kind of an, uh, my body as an ally I guess or as a, as a guide. Pretty shortly after we got married and I, you know, this is like years of detaching from my body and pretending that it didn't exist and, and not wanting anyone to look at it, just years and years of dysfunction. My body started to kind of fall apart on me. So I stopped being able to sleep, I couldn't eat food which was so weird for me. Like I would put food in my mouth and it was like my body wouldn't even let me chew it and swallow it. Like I completely, I couldn't eat anymore, I couldn't drink, I was, like I was just falling part in a lot of ways. My body was basically giving me every red flag to say it's time, pay attention, like stop this. You have to recognize that I'm here, you have to listen to me, I'm telling you, I have been trying to tell you and you've been ignoring me and so now I'm just gonna set myself on fire. <laugh>. So I, I like crumbled and ended up leaving that marriage and basically starting over from that point. Were those responses kind of like psychologically based do you think, once you got out of that marriage? Do you feel like you were able to eat and drink again and your body kind of calm down? I do, yeah. I actually, I moved back home to live with my parents and I remember like the first night I slept in my childhood bed again and actually like slept and it just felt like being able to breathe again and it took a while. It wasn't like I moved back home and then oh, now everything is set right. I mean it was a stretch, it was years of maybe three years of kind of back and forth recovery and none of it being linear, kind of this jagged path toward alignment with myself and an ability to exist in my own body and feel that body and listen to it and value it and pay attention to it. I think one of the biggest insights that I learnt through that stretch and through that transition kind of like pre-divorced, post divorced transition, was recognizing that my body is so much more than an object to be admired by anyone. Hmm, that's huge. Oh my goodness, right, like fundamental shift of everything, because when you think that you're body is just an object like a piece of material to kind of whip into shape in order for it to be dazzling to the site of others, it's so limiting to actually what it means to be alive. Yeah, it's like you're cutting off all other capacities of your body and just sort of- Right. Focusing on the outside. Right, it's like shoving yourself into a one dimensional world, when your body is like let me breathe in the three dimensional planet, please, let me expand and breathe in and out here. And so I think that was one of the, the biggest things I was unlearning and then kind of relearning a new way during that time. What helped you unlearn and relearn those things. Like did you discover, was that the point at which you started to get interested in like disability rights or did you have like therapy that pointed you in that direction or? So both of those things. So I, I did start seeing a therapist who <laugh> just kind of like week after week forced me to acknowledge that I had a body and that it was telling me things. Over and over and over again we would be in the middle of a therapy session and she'd be like, Okay, stop, pay attention to what your body is doing right now. Oh, are your shoulders like crunched all the way up to your ears right now? Why do you think that is and what's your heart doing right now? Your heart is pounding. What is your body telling you with your heart pounding and what happens if you just take some breaths right now? So she was constantly bringing me back to my body in a way I'd never experienced before and oh my goodness, what a gift. So I've been meeting with her for, oh I don't know, at least five years, on and off, which it takes time to build up trust with somebody like that and for her to know enough my patterns of reverting to stepping out of my body and existing in this other way and place. But yes, that was one of the things and like you mentioned another really valuable important thing for me was finding disability studies and finding other voices of people with disabled bodies to merit some of their experiences and for me to start to recognize that a lot of my experiences are not singular but actually belong to a community of experiences was jaw dropping and very empowering to recognize that I'm not really that unique. I mean I, I am and I'm not. Yeah, so you feel like you're not alone probably, right? Yeah. Like, you know, the things that you think are difficult about being in your body or about your life that maybe you just blamed yourself for, you're able to put it into a context and say like oh, maybe it's not just me, maybe this is how the world treats bodies like mine. Exactly, absolutely, very well said. That's exactly it, because I think that the message that I had slowly accumulated over time was that I was a problem. My body, my presence, my existence in any particular space was a big problem and I think there's so much shame wrapped up in that but I'm wrong. Like my existence is wrong and then to start seeing other people being able to point out a really good example of one of those shifts for me was I have some friends that live in apartments on third floors of apartment buildings without any ramps which is really common. And my friends, and this wouldn't be the only time I've experienced this but for this particular example, my friends would have to carry me up those flights of stairs in order to get to their apartments. And the feeling of being carried by someone when you can like you know what a strain your body is on, on them and you can like hear their breathing become labored and you feel like you're on weight in their arms and it's so inconvenient and you're the reason this is happening and the shame of that can just accumulate and bellow and overwhelm. And I remember right around the time that I was first starting to think about disability studies and, and other people's experiences, I apologized to my friends that night, like I'm so sorry that you had to carry me up the stairs and one of my friends just said, you know, it would be a lot nicer if this apartment building had an elevator, you know, <laugh>. mm-hmm <affirmative>. Like that would solve it and to think that in that moment I, I had this shift of thinking I guess there are bigger problems at play than just my own body. If structures were different, if spaces were different, then my body would have access and this problem wouldn't exist, this problem of being carried up three flights of stairs wouldn't happen. Right, it wasn't your body that was the burden or the problem, it was that the space wasn't designed to accommodate you. Exactly, yeah. That's huge. I feel like that kind of shift, I mean, I think and we'll talk a little bit about the sort of connection between disability rights and body positivity or body acceptance in that movement. Yeah. But I think for me and a lot of the people I've worked with around body acceptance, I think there is a similar thing where you can feel sort of like I had an eating disorder and for a long time felt so alone with it because I couldn't even get a diagnosis because it wasn't really, didn't fit into one of the categories neatly and I wasn't emaciated. And so therapists were sort of dismissive when I first tried to open up about it to a couple of different therapists and so, you know, it had the effect of making me feel like this was just my secret shame and this weirdness that like nobody could even explain or give a name to and that I didn't deserve help for it. And when I finally was able to find the right therapist he was like tell me about your relationship with food really, you know, the question that I aways ask to start the podcast basically she asked me a version of that question and was so liberating to just be able to like- mm-hmm <affirmative>. Speak about it and to have her say like yeah, that sounds painful, that sounds hard and that was sort of the first step into understanding that actually I wasn't so alone and actually there was help out there for me. mm-hmm <affirmative>. And I started to do research and do because I started my career as a journalist and I eventually started working on a book proposal that sort of morphed into the basis for this podcast but, you know, I was working on this proposal and, and researching emotional eating and eating disorders and disordered eating and stumbled into all this literature about disordered eating and hot it shows up and manifest in different ways and it just, I felt so seen and so understood, like finally there is this sense that I'm not uniquely broken and weird. Hmm, hmm. That I am part of this kind of lineage or group of people that struggles with the same thing and it just was so liberating to finally feel that. So- Oh yeah. And it kind of sounds like that's a similar thing that you found in that moment or probably as you went on in, in disability studies I would imagine. Absolutely, yes, exactly. That lineage, history being a part of something. When you are experiencing something and you think you're the only one experiencing it, it inherently feels like this is just me, like if I could just not feel this way because if I'm the only one feeling this, it must just be me. Why can't I figure it out like everybody else and to realize that there are reasons, logical reasons for you to feel that way. This didn't just come out of you. There is a whole history shaping this for a whole group of people. Yeah, it's incredible, it feels so, so liberating to find that, right and just dissipates the shame so much? Yes, yeah. It's amazing how powerful that is. Just like me too, I mean, I guess that's- Right. Something we're seeing all over the power of me to lately but transformative, completely revolutionary. Absolutely. Yeah, so that actually resonates quite a bit. Yeah, I'm curious to hear how it unfolded from there for you, like with finding because I know you did a PhD in disability studies. So- Yes. At some point that was like you kind of decided to make your career about this. How did that unfold for you? <laugh> uh, in a messy sort of way like most things of my life <laugh>. I was already in, in graduate school, I was actually, I actually started my PhD in 19th century British and America literature, which is still very dear to my heart. But while I was kind of researching Victorian literature, I found disability studies as like a literally critical theory for analyzing literature. And I remember the very first piece of like a chapter of a book that I read that introduced the concept to me of looking at the world though this set of premises around the body and what makes a normal or abnormal body and where do these ides come from and how can we critically analyze that in the world around us. I was like in my apartment, my very first apartment living on my own after my divorce and a friend sent that article to me and I… It literally felt like the physics of the universe were changing around me as I read this piece, like what do you mean? This is a thing like- <laugh>. Are you kidding me <laugh>. And so like from that point on I like really could not get enough of reading this literature, reading these scholars, analyzing, like critically unpacking where we got our concepts of what makes a healthy body and a none healthy body and a normal body and an abnormal body acceptable and unacceptable. And so yeah, I just sort of dove head first into disability studies and then from there I started writing more about my own experiences as they related to that theory because of course all of a sudden I was looking at my whole life through this lens and there was so much for me to think about. Those were the two pieces of my PhD that ame together. It was disability studies and then creative nonfiction as a medium for exploring and sharing those stories in alignment with that theory. That's amazing. Oh yeah, just like reliving finding that it was kind of overwhelming. The impact that that had on me. I bet, yeah, that sounds like it really sort of bought together your, because it sounds like you already had sort of a critical theory lens on things doing a PhD on literature- Yeah. You probably already had that sensibility but then finding this thing that could plug into what was already sort of a personal struggle for you or something that you had struggled to make sense of and suddenly there is this framework to explore. Yeah, exactly. It just felt like all of the pieces clicking in way I didn't know they could click. Yeah, I'm curious too to hear a little bit about, I mean obviously you teach classes on this stuff so we can't- Yeah. You know, talk about all of it but some of the sort of major points I guess about how are ideas of normal versus abnormal bodies have been constructed. Like how did we get to this place that, that we have such a narrow conception of what a quote on quote normal body is. Oh yeah, absolutely. It's interesting actually, one of my high school classes today they were having a seminar discussion on kind of an older chapter called the Construction of Normalcy I think is the title of it, uh, by Lennard Davis. And essentially in, in that piece he goes back and looks at the birth of the word normal as it applies the way that we use it today which didn't really start until, uh, didn't come into our lexicon until I think the 1860s into the english lexicon. Interesting. Which I think most people are pretty shocked to, to hear that it was as late as that and that essentially the concept normal as its attached to sort of averages or our notions of typical was coming to be right around the same time that some of these disciplines like statistics were coming together. So we were thinking about gathering a lot of data on bodies and sort of trying to extract value from that and this is right around the time that we have the concept of eugenics coming together. So we have this new science that's being applied to gathering a lot of data on bodies and then attaching. So we have all of this data on every part of human physicality and then starting to imagine how we could harness that into an ideal so what traits do we want to continue to perpetuate and what traits do we wanna eradicate. And so we kind of had this reshaping of expectations and perimeters for ideal bodies and goals for bodies really took shape around that time and have of course just kind of become more and more exaggerated and we're saturated with it in a such a different way now in terms of the images that surround us and, and all that. But that was sort of the beginning and of course we know that that got, um, pretty horrific pretty quickly in terms of what we did with the concepts of eugenics but- It's so interesting that that was the time when this idea of normal bodies came into our lexicon or normalcy as we construct it today because I've been doing some research on the history of diet culture. I had a- Ooh. A historian of diet culture on the podcast a little while ago, Emily Contois who like did an amazing job of explaining some of the roots of diet culture and where it came from and then it's so interesting because this time-period seems to be so critical in the development of diet culture too just like the development of body ideals altogether. Like there was the concept of the calorie was invented around like in the early 1800s but invented to describe the heat generated by steam engines. It had nothing to do with the human body. Oh wow. And then someone applied it to the human body, I forget his name, but he was like a- an industrial scientist and he wanted to determine who to get the most calories for the least amount of money for the average worker, so that factory owners could pay their workers less and have them be like efficient machines operating on- Oh wow. The food they needed, right yeah, like the body as a machine. Yes, machines is the word. Oh wow. And so, you know, calories were suddenly applied to the body but not in the sense of, you know, reducing calories like we know it now but more to get enough calories to do the work. So it wasn't until later that it became about cutting calories but I think that time was just so pivotal, like the industrial revolution was happening in the US and like all of these sort of ideas about yeah, the body is a machine and like mechanizing everything really affected our relationships with our bodies. I love that image of calories being connected to the steam engine. That's, that what you said. I- It's like think about the power of this like when you have the image of a steam engine in your mind and then you think about calories as being like the thing that's propelling that giant machine forward, that's such an empowering idea and then you think about how it's been reduced and sort of minimized into something so diminutive. Uh, that's interesting. Totally and like also so it's sort of fear inducing. Yeah. It's like people are afraid of them and wanna get rid of them and cut them as opposed to this idea of like that's your power, that's where you're- Yeah. Literally where your power comes from, is this energy. Oh my goodness. I got to say like your Instagram I feel like every other caption I read I'm crying. Like literally. Oh. It's so, they're so moving and so powerful. Oh. And just- Oh, I love it, I love your writing. Thank you for saying that. I, not that I want you to cry but- <laugh>. But just, I don't know. Right. Like when you put something out into the world and you don't really know like every time it means something to anyone else I'm almost shocked like really okay, <laugh> wow. I know what you mean but no, it's I, it's beautiful. Thank you. Yeah, because I know I'm sure like it's so personal to you especially I think doing any sort of personal writing and feeling that people resonate with it, it's like that feeling is so magnified where it's like oh, wow, this is just my life and I'm sharing it and the people get value out of that is, is incredible. Yes, it is. It feels it's a gift connect in that way, so. Yeah, when did you start doing that, when did you start like writing and blogging publicly? A little bit after I found disability studies, my roommate at the time was maybe the first person that said, you know, you have some stories to tell that I think people would care about and, and you're good at writing and you should do that. And so- <laugh>. I listened to her and like I don't know, like a year later, it's not like I started right away but about a year later I started just putting some things out there and it was incredible in so many different ways. I mean part of it was just the practice of taking photographs that included my body like all of my body, you know, not just like cropping out my paralyzed legs but including like all of me. So that practice was really meaningful and then of course any, every time I shared a moment or an experience and that was the first time I really met like a lot of disabled people. I didn't have that community in real life and it's one of the… I know there are a lot of rotten things about the internet but, uh, and what it's done to us as people, but one of the most amazing, magical gifts is being able to be a part of communities of people that you, you wouldn't have been able to join or collaborate around otherwise so that's been a huge gift for me. Yeah, I know it's amazing, the power of the internet to connect us this way. I feel like it's, it's similar kind of double-edged sword but you know. Yeah, but it's not small. I mean it's tremendously powerful kind of like steam engine powerful. So I don't wanna lose that. Right, no, me neither. I think it's, it's so important and that it sounds like for you that representation of like sharing your body in its entirety and probably for the people witnessing it too, like feeling that they were represented or seeing a body that maybe resemble theirs or, you know. Yeah. Or a body that just was different than the sort of narrow view of bodies in our culture. Absolutely, yes, yeah. I think this is true for a lot of people who have social media, uh, body positivity presence on the internet. But I think a lot about like who do I wish I could have seen when I was younger and starting to piece together what my body meant and I think about that smaller version of me a lot when I think about what I wanna put out into the world and I think that's a lot of people do is think about who did that person need and how can I be that now. I know, it is, it's such a powerful guiding force. Yeah. 'Cause it's like we all have that younger version of ourselves that was so lost, you know. Yeah, yeah, oh. I know. But it's beautiful and they feel like very healing too when you're able to give that version of yourself what they needed as- Right. You know, now as an adult and kind of like taking care of your own inner child's needs after the factors is very restorative I think. mm-hmm <affirmative>, I think so too, restorative. And how did you sort of connect with the body positive movement because I, I've read that you, you know, you've written about how disability rights is sort of its own world and then there is the body positive movement which has a lot of similarities, but you were sort of not a part of that community yet until I think you wrote that Meagan Crabbe was helpful in sort of bringing you into the full there. Oh my goodness and I just was listening to the episode that you did with Megan. Is she not like the loveliest human. She is so amazing. Aargh. I know, she's a delight. She just brings so much like consistently just brings so much joy and love and acceptance. It's incredible. Yeah. She found me in my early day- in my earlier days and of course I mean it is interesting, it's amazing how much overlap there is with disability rights and some of the goals that I would have for a disability community and in body positivity in the sense that we're identifying structures that have shaped our perceptions of our bodies and we're reclaiming, we're disassembling that structure together and rewriting a new narrative collaboratively and, and kind of using our voices to make a lot of noise and change that story, change that narrative. And I've shared so many stories and seen other people sharing so many stories with all different sorts of bodies, disabled or not, where we start to first learn what our bodies, we're told what our bodies are supposed to be and what they're not and how they fall short, where we're sort of piecing together what we need to be and starting to realize that we fall short of that and then similarities in the stories of unlearning that, of beginning to see something different and more helpful and invigorating and empowering. So I've just been surprised and delighted by the overlaps in those stories about bodies. And of course there is imitations to that. They're not, there are ways in which disability rights sort of expand into other categories that don't seem to really be fulfilled by body positivity in the same way but there is a lot of ways in which the roots seem similar to me and, and I've been really… I think Megan is the one that made me feel like I was allowed to associate with that movement, you know, like I kind of saw similarities myself every once in a while maybe but felt like I don't wanna pretend like I belong somewhere that I don't and Megan has made me feel like my voice is welcome and that's a gift. That's one of her many gifts that she has given lots of people. Right, that's incredible and I think it's, it's really, I mean to me bod positivity and I know Megan has said this too that, you know, it has to be a radical, all inclusive thing. It can't just be body positivity for some bodies. Yes. And I think that's where it has to encompass disability, it has to encompass ethnicity and race and gender and all of the stuff, right, age, you know- mm-hmm <affirmative>. Sexual orientation, like to me it's got to be to really a body positivity that means something and that changes the world. It has to include all of those facets of how we are in our bodies because all of that stuff intersects in so many of us. Like we're not just moving through the world with one identity. S0- Right. I think we need to consider all of these different ways the body show up and make space for that. Yeah. Yeah, and I think that it's interesting I feel like in this conversation especially when we were first taking about my early associations with food and the shape and size of my body because compared to my bony sisters or whatever. I think that's an interesting way for me to experience some of that intersectionality in terms of there are just a lot of different identities overlapping in that moment and that's just one tiny way in which that all of us experience that sort of overlapping of different identities and ways of being in our body and what it means for us to be in our body and how it makes sense of that and reclaim that. So I agree <laugh>. <laugh> I'm curious too actually to hear how that has shifted for you the sense of back in the day feeling like you had to shrink your body to fit the mold and then, you know, at a certain point you sort of gave that up and felt like you disassociated form your body but how did it unfold after that? How did you start to understand and accept your body size, your relationship with food, in the context of everything else about your body? Yeah, I think that none of that is simple. I mean none of it was ever and then I figured it out. I think I'm still figuring it out but I think one of the biggest shifts and I'm kind of, this is kind of the first time I'm thinking about this so I apologize if this is really clunky. I'm kind of like thinking about this out loud for the first time but I think as I started to be more comfortable in my own body, I started to have more genuine connections with people, more genuine relationships and I feel like so much of that for me I'm like I have all of these memories of siting with my friends in graduate school like at a restaurant for three hours and just like eating together and something being like really joyous about that process and I don't know if one of the gifts of transitioning of coming back to my body and my relationship was still in that process is, is allowing myself to feel, um, joy in eating with people and the richness of, of living that part of life together and, and having that, the sort of a ritual closeness and intimacy and joy and, and relationship and not having be as attached to a size in one way or the other. I, I don't know, I think that's maybe one thing. I think that there is a lot of things to think about in that process, in that journey of thinking about food. But I think that that was one thing that I ex- uh, I started to experience for almost for the first time it felt like. Hmm, that's beautiful and I mean that really makes me think of I have this metaphor that, you know, I've been talking about on the podcast or a while of the life that you f- like diet culture is a life- mm-hmm <affirmative>. That steals your life, you know, because it steals your attention, your energy, all of your mental space kind of goes into manipulating food in your body and thinking about that and not being present with the people you're eating with or even feeling allowed to go out to eat because you're worried about what's on the menu or you're, you know, sitting at home- Yeah. Eating food you made and then like meeting up with people later or whatever. It's like it cartels your life in those really mundane sort of everyday ways but where there is so much everyday magic and where so much connection happens is over food and being- mm-hmm <affirmative>. Just free around food and being able to be spontaneous and go out with people and just live your life. Yeah, yeah. There is just so much joy in that and richness I think like the opposite just the alternative is starved and literal in metaphorical ways. Totally, yeah, that's really interesting, like the idea of richness versus being starved or sort of having this austere, deprived existence which is what dieting and restricting yourself off food does to people. Yeah, I'd never thought of that before though, so thank you for- Hmm. Prompting me to reflect on that and how that was part of it. Oh, that's great. I'm so glad. Yeah, it's beautiful to have moments like that. Yeah. I'm also curious to know because I know a number of people with disabilities who've had diets pushed on them to ostensibly manage or help cure quote on quote certain aspects of their <laugh> you know, dise- Yes. Disease and stuff, so it's like and of course I mean a number of clients that I've worked with have tome on these diets being like I started this diet to try to manage this condition and I feel worse, but almost like needing permission to say hey, I think the diet is not helping you and you can get off it and here is, you know, we could heal your relationship with food and you don't have to do this anymore, but I think diet culture has taken this really underground form in the new millennium. It's shape shifted because now since the late 90s, early 2000s diets are not cool anymore. Everybody is like diets don't work, I don't do diets, you know, this isn't diet it's a lifestyle change. And so these sort of supposedly health promoting behaviors that are actually more about manipulating the body to fit into a cultural ideal but go under the guides of health promotion are getting disseminated more and more and I think, you know, it's unfortunately something I've seen in, in people with disabilities where diet culture is being sold as a way to manage conditions and stuff like that. So curious if you've had any experience with that, you know, personally or through community? <laugh>. Yeah my favorite example of that is when I was online dating and one of the guys that I met… Online dating with a disability is just its own whole- Oh my God. Podcast and so- <laugh>. It's so amazing but one of the guys that I started talking to online kind of made it his mission to figure out like how to cure me, which as hilarious because it's like you don't know a single thing about my body, right? Like you have no idea why I'm in this wheelchair but you're gonna figure out the diet plan for me. Aargh. Um, so he yeah, he was like, what did he say? He said something like, you know, I used to have really bad asthma and then I, I started eating all of these like he gave me a list of certain foods and he was almost like, you know, I really think that we could heal your body with food. Aargh. And maybe some exercises too but I could draw you some sketches of, of what you need to do for that. <laugh>. And I think, I know, it was just so, so amazing. I was like this is too perfect you're the funniest ever. Yeah. I, I will go on to tell this story for years to come and I have. <laugh>. Um, but I think that one of the things that's really interesting to me about that in terms of thinking about, I don't know, what the goals are for prescribing certain diets for people and a lot of times the ideas specifically with disabled people is this idea of cure and the fact that like cure is obviously your goal. Like I don't have to ask you if you want this, it's already implied. It's so deeply accepted in our communities that cure is better than not cure. Like restoring your body to this typical standard is obviously what you want. So I'm not even ask you do you wanna be cured, I'm just gonna tell you I've got the thing that will help cure you. And so I think that it- it's kind of an interesting point of comparison to think about how deeply embedded it is in that culture of like what kind of body you must want, regardless of what that might ask of you, what you might have to sacrifice in order to attain that and what harm might be inflicted in you in the process of getting to that point. So I, I don't even remember what I said back to him. <laugh>. I think I maybe LOL, I don't know <laugh> where we did not continue to talk. That was a short lived back and forth. That sounds like very good self-care on your part. <laugh>. Just to be like shut it down like <laugh> like- Oh. How presumptuous like. Yeah, a lot of laughs. <laugh> Oh yeah. I mean it's a great story but also it's so telling, you know, about how- Yeah. People impose this assumption on your, on your body. Yes, yes. It's not, it's not a question, it's a total default and I think that the idea that I wouldn't want that or that somebody wouldn't want that is jarring, it's shocking and, and sometimes even angering to people. Yeah, I see some parallels there too with like the body acceptance movement and health at every size is the- Yeah. Philosophy I practice as a health professional and it's like working on heaping people promote health in whatever ways are available to them, whatever ways they ant to and, and would like to do without focusing on weight loss, without making that the goal and telling people that especially fellow health professionals often that like this is the way that I practice and I don't do weight loss and you're referring someone to me for weight loss but unfortunately I can't do that, I can't provide that service, you know. mm-hmm <affirmative>. Quote on quote service AKA disservice to someone. Yeah, <laugh> yeah, exactly. Like is really jarring to people and, and angering sometimes too. Yeah. I think that, you know, gotten a lot of pushback and of course a lot of curiosity and openness too which is great but I think there is a definite subset of internet trolls that's devoted to tearing down the health at every size framework and really any sort of like body acceptance or rights of any marginalized people, period. Yeah. I'm fascinated by that. It's baffling to me but I, I definitely see it all over the place. And I guess there is something threatening I'd imagine that that anger comes from… Its disruptive. It is dis- it's a disruptive way of being in the world and thinking about the world but yeah anger <laugh>. mm-hmm <affirmative>, yeah do you get a lot on your posts and stuff, do you get pushback or? You know, my, I have just been really moved by the people who participate in my Instagram. A lot of just open and generous people. I actually, when I'm thinking of anger, the most recent experience I'm thinking of is in my classes, when we try to talk through the idea that are there times when we wouldn't necessarily wanna pursue cures or is there potential harm to focusing on cure over accommodation. That can be really hard for some people to even entertain. So yeah, I've seen people get really upset about just even trying that idea out and seeing what we can do with it. But no, the people on my Instagram are just like the loveliest, warmest <laugh> most open people. So I've kind of enamored with them. That's awesome. That's, I eman yeah, I think I feel the same way about my Instagram community too. I feel like there is almost no trolls in that space which is amazing. I feel like- How did we luck out? I know. I know that there are other spaces that have a lot of hostility so- mm-hmm <affirmative>. And I think yeah, there are so many nuances to that too. I sometimes think about the privilege that I have as a thinner body person. mm-hmm <affirmative>. Speaking about this stuff because I know some of my larger bodied colleagues who are saying the same stuff and, you know, promoting the same ideas get this terrible pushback about you're promoting obesity and you're killing people. Hmm. Blah, blah, blah which is just totally unfounded and the worst but- That's an excellent point that I had not really thought of is what kinds of ways are. It's like my particular disability and manifestation of that, giving me access to or helping, like participating in the types of comments that are made and, and who is interested in writing or participating. That's a good point. That's a great point. Yeah, like somehow the way that you're showing up, the way that I'm showing up isn't provoking even though we might be saying the same kind of radical things- Yeah. It's not provoking the same ire although it's interesting that in your classes those ideas- <laugh>. You know we're still bringing that up in people. That's true. And I think when you sort of look deeply into, into the stats quo and question it, it does bring out people's hackles.Mm-hmm <affirmative> yeah, and they might not even understand what that feeling is and then that's kind of instinctual I think in a lot of ways. I mean worth paying attention to, that's my favorite thing to do. Yeah. Like, huh, let's investigate that emotion, where does that come from, what does that mean? mm-hmm <affirmative> such a useful response. Yeah, yeah. How did it affect you to feel that from your students to experience people's angers at these ideas? Oh my goodness Christy, it was this last semester I'd never experienced anything like that before, uh, just in the closeness, right, like we're not only in the same physical space together but five days a week and it was really shocking to me. It's still something that I'm processing and making sense of especially initially when I first started experiencing some of that. It really affected the way that I felt going out in the world every day. It was, it was sort of like, oh, I didn't realize this is how people look at bodies like mine. I mean I, did I knew it in the back of my mind but like I certainly had specific phrases stuck in my head. And so that was really, that's been really hard for me to process. I, but I also there is the part of me that also instills the purpose of this kind of teaching and, and looking at these together. On the other hand if people had, if everybody in the class had been like, yeah, this makes sense, we're good, done, makes sense, let's, let's practice these things then it would be like oh, well, maybe they already get this. This isn't something that needs to be taught or looked at. And I think one of the, one of the reflections that I'm puling out of the last semester and hoping to take with me is just the importance of looking at this together and thinking about it criticality and, and writing like wanting to write more and so that there are more pieces and words out in the world that makes sense of disability experiences and different ways to look at bodies and… But it's, uh, it's been rough. There is a lot of rough days in there. Yeah, I bet. Yeah, exciting too. I mean it's just all, it was all the thing, all the feelings. All <laugh> Hmm. Like week after week. Yeah, that's probably it's like this mix of rewarding, knowing that you're helping change people's points of view but also there is like so much pain in that and having to- Yes. Certainly be so aware of how certain people might view your body and having those specific phrases I can imagine must be very triggering. Yeah, yeah, and I, I wasn't prepared for it. I didn't, I had taught disability studies before but not as a whole focus for semester so I, I just wasn't prepared for, for that. And I don't know like at first I was like I don't know that I wanna do this again because I don't know that I am capable of putting myself in that position again, but I'm at least trying it one more time. <laugh> We'll see, we're gonna do it at least one more time and see how it goes once I've got my arm around and, and step into it with a little bit more perspective and preparation. Yeah, now you've been through it once and you know- Yeah. Some of the stuff to expect so it's- Yeah, yeah, here we go. Hopefully can create some boundaries and like, yeah. Yeah. Energetic shields for yourself. Yes, yes, that's, we'll, we'll see. I'll keep you posted. Yeah, I'll be curious. <laugh>. Curious to hear more. I mean it's probably interesting to teach high schoolkids versus college kids as we were talking before we started recording about how you taught college classes about the stuff before but I feel like an adult brain and also just people who are there by choice and sign up for a class like this versus high school students might not be there by as much choice <laugh>, you know, sort of thrown into it so- Yeah, I think that was the big part. I think that's a big part of it and also I think one thing I would like to put more work into is emphasizing the point that we all have bodies and these ideas are not like disability specific, they're body specific, right, and we all have bodies and so thinking about some of these questions from that perspective I think is one of my goals for next time around is emphasizing the universality of some of these questions and trying to think specifically about how that might apply to their own experiences in, in one way or another might be part of it so. Yeah, like building empathy. Yeah, I think that's a big part of it. So we will see. Uh, well, that's exciting. I'm, I'm curious to hear how it unfolds. Yes, me too. <laugh>. Yeah, and meanwhile as I continue to follow you on Instagram and hopefully see your book come out sometime soon too. Oh yeah. You're really amazing. Yes, fingers crossed. Well, it was so great to talk to you Rebecca. I'm really, really glad. Oh, I've loved this. Oh, this was delightful. Thank you so much for inviting me to participate in the conversations you're having on this podcast. It was to- a complete joy to process some of these with you. Oh, I'm so glad. It was a complete joy to witness it and be a part of it. So and can you tell us where people can find you online and learn more about your work? Yeah, so the Instagram account @sitting_pretty is where I post most often but the hub for my work and this upcoming podcast that I'm hoping to put together this year. Hmm. And kind of where my pieces are appearing would be on my website which is www.rebeccataussig.com. Those are the two main places where people can keep track of the things that I'm doing. Awesome and we'll put links to that in the show notes for this episode too so people can find you and- Perfect. Follow you and I love your Instagram so much so everybody should go follow. Oh, thank you. Thank you. That means a lot. So that's a wrap on our show for today. Thank you so much to Rebecca Taussig again for joining us on this episode and thanks to you for listening as always. If you've gotten something out of this podcast, please help us reach more people who need to hear the anti-diet message because who doesn't, right, by sharing this episode on Apple podcast or iTunes or your favorite podcast platform. Sharing on one of the Apple platforms helps bring us up in the podcast ranking so that more people discover us and so that we can continue to drown out those pro-diet messages and keep rising up in the health category. You can also leave us a nice rating and review in Apple podcast or your podcast provider of choice which is another way to help new listeners discover us and is always greatly appreciated. If you're looking for some practical tips to get started on your own anti-diet journey, grab my free audio guide Seven Simple Strategies for Finding Peace and Freedom with Food. It's like a bonus podcast episode with some really practical wisdom and you can get it at christyharrison.com/strategies. That's christyharrison.com/strategies. To get full show notes from this episode including all the resources we mentioned plus a full transcript, head over to christyharrison.com/148. That's christyharrison.com/148. And to get the transcript just scroll down to the bottom of the page and enter your email address where it says get the transcript. Food Psych is edited and engineered by Podcast Fast Track and I'm maternally grateful to our editor Mike Leland for being so incredible to work with over the past few years. Also a big thanks to our community manager and content development associate Ashley <unk:Saria> our administrative assistant, Sarah Thompson and our transcript assistant Megan <unk:Sai_Chi> for helping me out with all the moving parts that go into producing this show every week. It's a lot. Our album art was photographed by Abbey Moore photography and designed by Meredith Noble and the music you're hearing behind me is by a band called Awol and the track is called Food used under the Creative Common License. Thanks again for listening and until next time, stay safe. 