Hi everyone, Happy Halloween! Hi, we have a big, exciting announcement for you. That's right, we're here at the Microsoft Theater about to go do, uh, our huge live show. For 7,000 people. No big deal. But first we wanted to tell you guys that we are announcing our 2019 Winter Tour. Yeah, we're gonna go to a bunch of cities we've never been to before. That's right, what's up, Hawaii? Yeah. Among other places. That's the only one we can think of. <laugh> Um, presale goes on, uh, duh, uh, November 5th. That's right and first, uh, tickets presale go to the Fan Cult, so if you're not a member, go to myfavoritemurder.com, join the fan club, there's a bunch of other bounces and, uh… And keep your eyes peeled because we want to see you in 2019. Yeah, we'll see you then! Stay sexy. And don't get murdered. <inaudible> <unk:Intro_music> My favorite murder. <unk:audience_applauding> <unk:applause_continues> <laugh> What's up, Los Angeles? What's up, Los Angeles? <unk:audience_applauding,_screaming> Wow, we're Lady Gaga. <unk:audience_laughs> Spooky Halloween. Spooky Halloween. <unk:audience_applauding> Oh, my God, my heart is just racing. It's just racing. Listen to that shit. Wow, there's a- there's a lot of you. Cheeses. <unk:audience_cheering> Yeah. Thanks you for showing up. Thanks for coming on Halloween. Yeah, on Halloween of all nights. I feel like that means most of you guys aren't parents of small children. <unk:cheering> Yeah. Us too. Thank you, thank you for doing that. Good of you. So, um… <unk:cherring> We should explain our costumes. Probably- Yes. -be a good idea. It's not what you're- what you were expecting, maybe. Us either. <laugh> What did you say? It's not what they were expecting. Oh, I swear to God I just heard footsteps over here. I'm not joking and a icy cold hand touched my shoulder and said, Do you want a pretzel? <laugh> I was like, No, thank you. Was the answer… Yeah. So. As you know, George and I met at a Halloween party. That's right. <laugh> Four years ago. Something like that. Hosted by our friend, Matt McCartney who's here tonight. Matt McCartney's in the house tonight. He loves wrestling. Of the We Watch Wrestling Podcast. Yes, that's right. And this is, essentially, what we were dressed as and there were 7,000 people there. That's so- it was such a crazy party, you guys. You guys. Uh, you were a nurse. Nurse. I was… My mic is insanely loud. I was the Ebola nurse, ladies and gentlemen. That's right. You remember a time when a Ebola was the scariest thing happening in this country. Remember? Oh, just a wonderful, wonderful time. What I wouldn't give for Ebola. Ugh. Trade it in for today's- Bullshit. Yes. Just a tiny sip of Ebola to make everything else go away. Am I right? But mostly I picked this outfit because, or this costume, because, um, they used to sell scrubs at CVS. So, it was, like, the easiest costume in the world and also it's not, uh, it's not a costume, really, it's just, kind of, like, wearing very light cotton sweats to a party. Which is my thing. But with pockets. But with pockets. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. And rubber gloves. I put those in there, they didn't come with it. Those are my personal ones. And, then, of course, Georgia. Well, listen, okay. Look, I was dressed as Glenn Danzig. Thank you, from the band Misfits, and Vince was dressed, we were couples costume, he was dressed as Henry Rollins. It was this adorable cough, you know, whatever. It was a lot more punk rock because I wasn't in front of 7,000 people and then when I went backstage I was like I don't wanna look like Squiggy all night. So I have my bangs… Listen we did it the My Favorite Murder way, which is kinda half-assed. But we're like, You'll like it. You'll like it fine. Who cares? Who cares? I feel like all of Halloween is just this weird day of sweaty scrambles and then you, like, slowly begin to resent your friends for some reason. You're just like, These fuckin' assholes, making me do this. Yeah, I wanna stay home and eat candy like I do every night. But, no. They make me go stand at a party. So, if you don't know the rest of the story is, I showed up to this party alone which is simply I- I don't know how I did it, I don't know why I did it, really. I think someone… Usually someone has to say to Karen, If you don't come, I will not be friends with you anymore. Oh, it was Matt McCarthy. That's right. It was his party. That's right. It was his party and he threatened my life, so I was like, Fine, you matter to me. Um, so I showed up and then almost immediately told a story about watching a car mow down 30 people. Uh, which really did happen to me, but I was kinda telling the story is a brag. Um, and to get, like, pity and attention. It was a weird move for the beginning of a party. Very sober move. Um, and I watched the three people I was talking to who had just smoked a hint of pot. All their faces dropped and turned gray and I was like, Oh no, I've done it again. And then, from behind them… But like this. Like this, this little hand. Tell me everything. 'Cause all I want to talk about at parties is horrible, terrible, things. And, so, I got so excited that this person was doing that. And she saved my life. And then we started a podcast. Yeah. Thank you. What we're saying is, go to parties. Go to parties. And tell terrible, terrible stories when you're there. Go to parties, be nauseating, see what happens. Anything can happen. Anything can happen. Um, should we… We have some photos of ourselves when we dressed up as kids for Halloween. We- I have to say this, we- we've never played to 7 -fucking-thousand people before. <laugh> <unk:cherring> You know who else hasn't? Any podcast, ever. This is the largest live podcast ever. Yeah. What the fuck? It's on. It's on. It's bananas. And now, you know, the people from Things My Dad Fucked are gonna be like, I have to do that too. Go ahead. So, we were like, What if, uh… 'Cause we actually came here to see, I'm sure you seen the commercials, for the, uh, Chinese dance troupe Shen Yun. We came here to see them. To see that show. We sat right over there. We were over there. And we- we were, like, this is gonna be beautiful and culturally interesting, you know? And it was a cult. It was a cult. Literally. A cult. We, like, bailed at intermission and people tried to grab us and pull us back in. We went to the Yard House. Where we- that's our cult. Never, never been happier to be in the mother fuckin' Yard House. I was, like, Yay, frat boys. Oh, my God, what a miracle. But as we were sitting there, we knew the show was booked, it was- but it was a really long time ago and I, the whole time, just sitting there going, How the fuck are we gonna do this? We don't- we don't have a dance troupe. We don't have a- we don't have a cult. But, actually, we do. Turns out… That's exactly right. So… So, we've just done a lot of pre-production and we thought we'd show you some pictures to, kind of, get through the top half of the show. Dazzle you, Shen Yun-style. So, what it- these are, I think it's mine first. I think yours is first. We're just gonna go and sh- we're gonna show you our favorite Halloween costumes of life. Can we see the first one? Awww! Haha, what? Karen! No. Drinkin' in- drink her in. That's so cute. Baby Karen. That looks itchy. It is. It is. It was the world's worst- this is proof that my parents hated my fucking guts, right there. It was a torture device for a five year old because that netting… So, is my cousin Lisa's costume from The Nutcracker from eight years previous. And, underneath the intensely, uh, barbed wire-ish, brown netting on the outside, I'm wearing brown tights and a brown leotard, which, as we all know, when you're the kind of kid that has to pee every 10 minutes, is probably the worst outfit you could wear. But, we went to… Now I'm having recovered memories. We went to… I think I liked the hat part, though, that was not as comforting. Um, um you can tell by my smile that I'm having a wonderful time. I've always been very photogenic. Um, after this we went to a 4H Halloween party, because I'm from a farm, remember? That's right. 4H, it's, uh, it's like a group for kids that are- walk around in fields all day long and don't have friends. So, we went to this 4H party and it was in a big barn. I mean, for five year old me. When we walked in it was like Halloween Wonderland. They had decorated it and there was, like, hay bales and there was candy stacked all over the place. I was just like, Where have we come to? So, they had a Guess How Many Jelly Beans Are in the Jar contest and when I walked up the girl, some 15 year old that was taking all the guesses, wrote my name down then goes, How many Jelly beans do you think are in the jar. And I go, 15. And, she goes, 500, okay? And writes that down and then I fuckin' won. Yeah. <unk:cheering> She knew. She knew what I needed. She was like, That girl looks really uncomfortable. I'm gonna make her night. Awww. I had the jar like this, I road home in the car, just… Hell, yeah! I don't even like jelly beans, but I won. And she still has it today. It's gonna be a prize at the end of the night. Moldy jelly beans. All right, let's see yours. Let's see mine. Uh, that's not it. Okay. And… Wow. <laugh> / There she is. Are you Baked Alaska? No, I'm like a 1950s person. But, look at my shoes and the carpet. Oh. Have you seen dirty shoes? Oh, you had been gardening that day. <laugh> Yeah. Is that what it was? That's just what my life was like. Just the dirtiest shoes, always. Disgusting. Ugh. That's really good. That's it. Was it, um, a Grease? Were you trying to do Grease? Sure, we were just really into, like… We were… Oh, you know what we were into at the time? Uh, La Bamba. <laugh>. We had just seen that movie and I- and I just wanted to be like a Greaser-style, soch, and, but, so I dressed like this, but I refused to get on a plane, because I thought it was gonna crash and die, like in the movie La Bamba. You had flight that night? What? Yeah. So that's that. She looks stocked. I mean, she's probably so sugar high at that moment. Of all the movies you told me, you're like, You know what my favorite movie is as a kid? Fuckin' La Bamba, it's like, there's so much story and it really happened and it's so sad, but also a huge victory in a lot of ways. Yeah, that's that. Oh, I have a photo to show you. I dressed someone up today. Oh. Someone on our last weekend in Bay Area, someone makes costumes for cats. Uh, oh. Her name is Mattie at Miss Mattie Makes at- at C, and she gave me something for Elvis. So I put it on him and he hates my guts now. But I had to do it for you. Here we go. Let's see. Oh, that's, yeah. <laugh> It's a Cookie Monster Hat. This is so degrading. It's not right. They don't- pets don't like this. They don't like it. He loved it. He loves it. Look at the look on his face and… That's just his face. He's about to take out one of your cornea. That's just his face. Look at how happy he looks. His ears are flat against his head. I know. Vince- when I brought him out, Vince was like, I thought they were ear holes. And I'm like, There are. His ears are just all the way… You couldn't see his ears any… <laugh> Look at him, my God. He does look exactly like the Cookie Monster, though. Doesn't he? He really does. It's uncanny. Truly. Oh, it made me so happy. <laugh> He took the hit for you. He did. Every time people are like, Look, my little dog is an elephant. It's like, Your dog pissed off right now. Don't be so mystified when he shits on your new duvet next week. It's A + B. Right? And we have one more photo of a child in a Halloween costume, Okay. It's Stephen. That's right. <unk:cheering> <laugh> Let's have him explain it to us. Oh, yes. Stephen. It's Stephen! Stephen. There he is! Oh, yeah. Oh no. Get out here. Straight… <unk:cheering> Yay. Say, Hi. Um, I'm free. This is who I'm suppose to be. This is who he was. There we go. It really is him. Take this off so they can- we can prove it that we didn't murder you. There's Stephen. <unk:cheering> Yay. That's you. That's me. Oh, yeah. You're so cute. And that's my sister, she's dressed as a witch. Awww! Oh, that's what it is. <laugh> Stephen, do you have any memories from that day? Uh, I feel like I got really sweaty inside that costume. Yeah. How you doin' right now inside that costume? I'm a little- I'm a little parched in here. It's- but, you know, it's cozy. It's like pajamas. And show them what it has. Oh, it has pockets! Pockets! Pockets! All right, thanks Stephen. Good job. Thanks, Stephen. Stephen! We're gonna have him cut that whole part out, probably. Stephen. Oh, this is My Favorite Murder the Podcast. Yes. The con… Yes, thank you. This is Karen Kilgariff. This is Georgia Hardstark. Yes. Thank you so much. Thank you. Um, get that out of here. Yeah. <laugh> Just kidding. Please. Please. It's just- it's just weird. You're being so good. We were really prepared for, like, insane, drunkin' screaming, like, I'm a pirate, talk to me. Yeah, you can do it now if you want to. Yeah. What now? Get it out, we can't understand a word you say anyway when you scream. I think that's a thing that people don't understand when they scream at us from the audience. We can't hear what- it sounds like you're yelling about leaves and trees… It's like, Oh, there's an arborist here. That's rad. It's really strange, but thanks for being here. We're stoked. Oh, we have a surprise rug from the Microsoft Theater. Yeah, they made us a rug. They made us a rug. Look at this! Look at it. Can you see it. You're too flat. Don't stand up. Look at it. It says, Look and listen. It's gorgeous. There's all decorations on the side. Oh, sweet shot, is there a drone in here? How are they getting that shot? Haha. Oh, that's my doggie. It's your dog and it's my cat. Oh, she's- she's gonna be livid. Look at it. I love that there's a telephone. Call you dad, you're in a cult. Got it. It's like someone listens. It's like they pay attention to it. I know, we're not used to it. Usually we get to a venue and the, like, grizzled, old, like, people who work there are like, What's a podcast? And then they're like, It's two women? And then they're like, There are so many women the audience. And we're like, Absolutely. Yep. And then, afterwards, when they hear everyone screaming and they know that we sold out they're like, You guys should come back! We love podcasts now. We're changing everyone's mind, one- one, long, talking show at a time. <laugh> It's just two women talking? Can- why? Um, should we sit down? Is it time? Look at these… These are fucking high class chairs. I mean, truly, never in the history of our live shows. Also, this is like a backgammon table. It's a little backgammon-y. That's- there's… So classy. We can play checkers or chess, I guess. While we talk we could do so many things. Is that yours? That shouldn't go in there. Oh, this is a true crime comedy podcast, everyone, just so you know. They know. They know. Anyone who is, you know, invited along because they had nothing to do on Halloween. Yeah, I bet there's a lot of drag alongs tonight, probably. They were promised dinner. Welcome. Yes. My Mom's boyfriend for example. He's been with us since the beginning. Yeah, he has. He's a- he's a total MFM Head. We always like to warn people, though, because- and staff, or, you know, partners, whoever, people that might not, um, listen to the podcast so they don't know what's happening or why. And, so, we just like to explain at the top that this is, uh, true crime combined with comedy, which some people actually take offense to. They think that's inappropriate, that you shouldn't talk about those two things together. Um, and we, do, and, uh, and want to, uh, because that's how we talk and that's actually how most people talk about horrible things. Like, as equally as horrible as it is wonderful and you get to talk about however you fucking want, so, if you're offended you can get the fuck out. <unk:cheering> Thanks. Um, doesn't really apply to this show where people have really busted their ass to come to the Micro- pay for parking. Pay for parking. Thanks to all you parkers out there. Ugh, all the parkers. Thank you. Working you ass off just for us. Every- parking everywhere. It's just, oy vey! I mean… Does anybody here come to LA Live just to chill out and, like… Season pass holder. Just to see the lights at night. I just love to get a bite at the Yard House, it's my favorite. See my friends at the Yard House. mm-hmm <affirmative>. And then go up to Lucky Strike, bowl a few. Just, fucking, bowl with some superstars of LA and, I don't know, I can be myself at LA Live. Yeah. It's like- it's like my level of parking payment is, like, where I like it. Yeah. I know my car is safe. You know, sometimes, like, Oh, yeah, you put your credit card in and pay two dollars for parking. I want to pay $98 for parking. That's what I- it's how I feel most myself. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Do you go first or do I go first? I think you do. Is that right, Stephen? Stephen, you're gonna have to… I went first… Stephen's backstage stripped naked out of that Dinosaur costume. You know… Working through our shit. I have to say too that Vince, my husband/our tour manager/kind of Karen's husband too at this point. Little bit. I get a touch of it. It's pretty nice. Um… Looking into it. He's been hiding his costume from me all week. Oh. So he said that… He brought us out and then he was like, I'm gonna go backstage and get my costume. He gave me like a warning, Don't go and look in my closet. Don't open packages that aren't yours. So either he's hiding a body… Yeah. And, or, he's got a costume going on that I don't know what it is yet. Do- is he gonna come out, like, when he feels like it yet? Yeah, he'll come out when he, you know, like he normally does, but be dressed as God knows what. Okay. A little nervous. Okay. Or scared. Well, I think it's perfect for Halloween. Yeah. Okay. Is anyone trick or treating in this audience tonight? Just gonna walk around and beg for candy? Somebody was passing out candy? They set it up so that you can. No, just some ladies. Some lady. Some lady's handing out candy? Don't fucking eat that candy. Don't eat the candy. What? How many times do we have to tell you people? Oh, a lady's giving candy? Are her eyes really close together? Does she have full eyebrows? What are you… Don't do that. This isn't a safe place. This is not a safe spaces. There's no safe spaces. Don't you let your guard down, just because you're amongst friends. Um… You know what we'll do? You can start that your first picture we'll see who went first. Right. That's right. That's fun. Okay. All right, so, uh, we decided to do interesting stories that are just about weird… It's Halloween. Listen, look. We're doing… We didn't want to be restricted to this city, we wanted to develop out into the theme of what does Halloween mean to you? And, to me, it means the Satanic Panic. Yes. Yes it does. And, specifically, the daycare sex abuse mass panic of the McMartin trial. Fuck! That's what you're doing? Yeah. Oh, shit, girl. Shit, girl. That's what I'm doing. Y'all ready for this? Uh, the majority of this, nay, all of this, I got from a great article, uh, from the website Vox by a woman Aja Ramano, so fuckin' great writing. I'm gonna just gonna screw it completely up right now with my… Aja! Aja! All right, everyone remembers the Reagan era right, Karen? mm-hmm <affirmative>. It was, yeah. We're living it. A lot of red dresses belted at the- right at the waist. Like, if you had a boxy waist you were fucked. Truly. Shoulder pads everywhere. Just widening it out. Get them up there. Look like a scarecrow. Well, it was also a time of population growth, urbanization, and the rise of a double income family, meaning your mom had to get her ass to work, right Mom? Janet! She remembers that. Janet, it sucked! Okay. So it necessitated, uh, a lot more day cares to be open and that was going on and everything and it freaked… People who are obsessed with nuclear families, fuckin', fundamental religious people, lost their fuckin' shit over this. They were like, The family, you know. Think of the children, and all this. Um, and also at that time there was this fear of unknown- the unknown. So there- that's when the milk carton- children on milk cartons started and stranger danger became this big thing and the idea that, like, evil was lurking around every corner, right? It was. Crack, AIDS, it was not a good time. Sorry, I was there for all of it. Oh, nuclear annihilation. Anyway. And through it all, our good friends of the podcast, the Christian Fundamentalists. Sponsor of tonight's show. That's right. Uh, and their literal belief in angels and devils, like, you guys know, like, they fucking literally believe in the devil, right? Okay, more on that later. Excuse me. What? I totally believe in the devil. No you don't. I think he is so special. What if I just got hit by a lightning bolt right now? Strike her dead. By the devil? By the devil. He doesn't do lightning bolts. Okay. That's the J-Man upstairs. Yeah. Devil stuff'd be, like, all the sudden my neck would go all the way back, right? Ooooo! You'd be like, Are you, okay? Is your neck… And I'm like, <unk:gibberish>. Yeah, but that's also the symptoms of you have a seizure. Yes or no? Well, I am a witch, so. Oh, really? That's where it's all from. This whole time we could've been having so much fun. Okay, so fundamentalist preachers, like, good friend of the podcast, Jerry Falwell, and his moral majority, uh, they gained prominence across the country because they were- they were preaching this literal fire and brimstone-style Christianity, fuckin' blahbidty-blah. Calm down everyone. They can't Enter- enter the Satanic Panic. Uh, everyone's favorite panic, I think. I like Manic Panic. It's more fun for the hair. Sure, sure. But, we don't have to pick favorites right now. Well, we kind of do. Okay. By the mid- 80s a wave of… Oh, my God, amaze- amazing. Please go on YouTube later tonight and find the, uh, videos that's seminars, tutorials, and educational videos aimed at authorities and religious fanatics, teaching them, like, cops and therapists and preachers and born-again Christians teaching them what to look for when, uh, when dealing with Satanists. I have a photo from, um, the law enforcement guide… What a? Legit. Oh, oh hello. This is from… Walking through the park. <unk:whistling> Whoa, oh, my God! This video is a fucking treasure. And I highly recommend you watch it. It's called The Law Enforcement Guide to Satanic Cults. This is fucking real. Also, that is not the right way to make a fucking pentagram. Yes or no? No, no, no. I'm not even a Satanist. Yeah. Also, who's side is he on? I know. I don't… I think he's on, uh, the U2 side. He's like- he's the first cop/Satanist I've ever seen in my life. You can trust him because he's got a fuckin' mullet. Uh, he's Tom Petty's stunt man. Why does Tom Petty need a stunt man? So many questions. So many questions. Remember the video where he cut the girl up because she was cake? Yes. That's gonna be my reason. I mean, truly amazing stuff. Okay, so, everyone's losing there shit over Satan, blahbidty- blah. Okay, the media, of course, too, was, like, let's get up on this and scare the shit out of everyone. Ratings jump, right? So, uh, it's- it stokes the fuel and misconceptions surrounding occult practices. In 1988, our good friend Geraldo Rivera… Yes. made a- made a, uh, a documentary that went on TV. It was called Devil Worship and I need to say it in his voice, Des-Devil Worship: Exposing Satan's Underground. It became the highest-rated televised documentary to air up until that point. People were like, Let Geraldo tell me everything. I trust that mustache. Yep. If anyone knows about the devil, it's that motherfucker. That's right. And, Vince, unprompted, told me that, when he was a little kid, when this came on, so he was, like, 10, he watched this documentary, scared the shit out of him. The next morning he woke up with the flu and thought that the devil had possessed him. Awww. Like, that's essentially what it did to everyone in America, you guys. Except for me, because I was so drunk I didn't know what was going on. '88? Oh, that was my prime wine cooler time. You had no time for Satan. No, I was Bartles & James only. Um, okay, and then, buh-buh-buh-buh, okay. All these accusations of Satanic ritual abuse came around. They were attached to a string of daycare centers throughout the 80s because people got really into, uh, I don't know, they just… Listen, it's complicated. <laugh> There's lots of reasons. So, for some reason, day cares, they thought that they were bringing all these people who worked at day cares who were like, All I want to do when I grow up is take care of children. They thought that they had- were somehow trying to, uh, ch- I don't know. Molest them? Yes. Okay. So, thank you. That brought about the day care sex abuse mass panic. And among the many prosecutions, many, many prosecutions, of Satanic ritual abuse in day cares was the McMartin trial, which became the largest, longest, and at a price of 15 million, in 1983 money, which today is… 2.3 million dollars. Thank you. Oh, wait, I went down. Shit. Well, it was the 80s, they were having a lot of money. Dammit. It was a hundred million bags of cocaine in today's- in that money. I got so nervous for stage math. It's scary. I panicked. I'm sorry. Satanic panicked. Gasp! Maybe it was Satan. The devil made me do bad math. That's what it is. Lord, Lord! Do a- do a- do a thingie. Do a… <unk:kissing_sounds> There you go. <laugh>. That's the one. That's the Catholic one. That's how you know. Um, okay. So, it- it began in 1983 when a parent of a child who attended the McMartin Preschool in Manhattan Beach, California… <unk:cheering> That's right. Tasteful, that was a tasteful yell. Yeah. You know, right over there. Uh, a 39 year old woman named Judy Johnson… Okay, she notices that her two and a half year old son had some, um, issue… Listen, how do I say? He had some butt troubles. Okay? He had an itchy bottom. Got it. Her mom- the mom took him to a doctor to make sure everything was okay. The doctor's like, He's fine. And she was like, Well, I'm obsessed with Satanism and I think something's going on. Well, I like Geraldo Rivera. Right. So, you're wrong doctor. So she insisted that he wasn't- there was something wrong with him and something going on even though he also said there wasn't. I mean he was two and a half years old, how much can he say, you know? It's like… He's like, Mom, my butt's fine. This is normal stuff. But- but she ignored the doctor and on August 12th she called the police to say that her son had been sodomized by a teacher at the McMartin Preschool. The daycare he had been intending for 2 weeks. And, by the way, it was a daycare… Okay, we're later going to find out that Judy Johnson is- has some mental issues. Sure. We knew. I know. So, she told the investigators that her son, her two and a half year old son said that a McMartin teacher named Ray Bucky taught him to play doctor and forced him to wear women's clothes. Oh, the horror. Um, and that he had been, like, molest- molesting him, and that he said that other parents had said similar abuse stories. So they listened to this woman, they believed everything she said. Ray Bucky is a 25 year old. He- he is the only male teacher at McMartin. It's this like- it's been around for, like, 30 years. it's just really well-respected preschool, uh, everyone loves them there. In the H- 1996 HBO made-for-TV movie, Indictment: The McMartin Trial, he's played by Henry Thomas. Awww. Who is, as an adult. No, no, no. The teacher's played by him. Right. Who is? The boy from E.T. Yes. What did you think I meant? Elliot. I thought you meant Elliot as a little boy, played the little boy. Why did you say Awww? Okay, I get it. 'Cause it's- because it's Elliot? I don't know. It's adorable. I- don't they make you say awww when you talk about E.T. I thought you were saying awww about the actor- the adult actor. And I was like, What? No. You know what. It was the wrong response. Now that I think about it. I need to come back into my body and start doing better math and responding more accurately to what's being said. Why? I was thinking about how fucking boxy scrubs are, and, like, this is, like… You know how it Madewell is doing shirts right now that are, like, fucking 15 feet wide? And you're like, How am I supposed to wear that? I have tits? Like, this is… it's just. I'll pay more attention. <laugh> If only- if you don't mind. If it wouldn't bother you? Oh, may I? I only typed this up and printed it up for you. Oh, I only worked on this for 30 minutes. No. That's not true. Oh, we have a photo of our friend right- uh, Ray Bucky. It- it's, uh… There he is. Obviously, that's him in trial, so, spoiler alert, this goes to trial. Okay. He's like this fucking sucks. Yeah, that's not a happy face. No. So he, uh, was the grandson of the owner of the McMartin preschool. Her name's Virginia McMartin. She's 76 and played by Sada Thompson. Sadie? Sada? Sada Thompson. I don't know. Uh, oh, she- she's from the theater. <laugh> I don't know. She had founded the school in 1966 and until this accusation the school had a stellar reputation. So, the same cannot be said of Judy Johnson, the mother. She was a deeply troubled woman, she was an alcoholic with a history of mental illness. Which I'm like, Who among us isn't? But she was, like, problematic. You know what I mean? Who among us, but, like, when you're drunk- Yeah. and yet and a little fucked up in the head, you get theories and then you're, like, You know what? I'm gonna put this in my diary. Yeah. I'm not gonna- I'm not gonna take this to the public right now. Yeah. You know, you're saying- said, I'm going to scream this at everyone And then they're gonna believe me. Um, and she's, at the time, she was going through an ugly divorce and so not only did she accuse, uh, Bucky of this molest- molesting her son, she also accused her ex-husband, which didn't come to fruition. And, in September, investigators set out to find more evidence against Bucky. They took him into prison and before any fi- files were charges, or anything, they- they did a really rational, calm thing of sending a letter to 200 p- parents of children who were, and have been students, at the McMartin School. Oh, like, people who had graduated from preschool already? Anyone who's ever been there, they sent them all a letter and, uh, in it they asked, among other things, they said, Ray Bucky's been arrested for potentially molesting a child. Calm down, don't worry, everything's fine. And then they said, quote, Please question your child to see if he or she has been a witness to any crime or if she- he or she has been a victim. Uh-huh. Our investigation indicates that possible criminal acts include, you guys ready for a fun list? Uh. Oral sex, fondling of genitals, buttocks or chest area, and sodomy, possibly committed under the pretense of taking a child's temperature. Also, photos may have been taken of the children without their clothing. And then they were like, Please keep this to yourselves. Please don't panic. I'm not fucking kidding, this is totally all happened. Go ahead. I kind of couldn't understand, was the first thing on that list horse sex? No. Because… Oral. Got you. Yes. No, I know what that is. I do. We have a photo of it. No. No. Stop it. All the lights go out. Yeah. It's fuckin'… That's MFM After Dark. Hmm! Look for us on Cinemax. Um, the letter also noted that the teacher might have forced the children to pose naked for photo- for pictures. I already said that. The message didn't at all send the parents into a fucking panic, I wrote. No. It's- at the end of that letter it said, and maybe anything else you've ever feared in your life. Yeah, yeah. The parents put it down and immediately started screaming in their child's faces, asking them if they'd been molested and the children were all reacted calmly and- and, you know. I'm sure it went great. It went great. I said that they didn't- it didn't make them scream-ask their children if they'd ever been molested, so immediately you have these parents who are in a panic and these children that they are, uh, scaring the sh- crap out of you don't understand what's going on. Um, and, so, the DA turned to Children's Institute International. This is an organization that works with abused children to interview the McMartin's… Like, they interview children who have been molested and that sort of thing. And, so, they hire them to talk to the McMartin's students and see if there's any, you know, any basis behind the accusations. Um, unfortunately the Institute's head, named Key McFarland, is this woman who's a little fuckin' crazy herself. So, they… 'Cause she was like… She got out of college and she was like, What do I want to do with my life? Unfortunately, she didn't go to college. Uh, oh. She had a welder's certificate. That was the extent of our education. I'm not fucking kidding. What? Yeah, a welders certificate. Like in Flashdance? Uh-huh. That's hot. Why wouldn't she stay doing welding? Who knows? That's how crazy she is. Uh, girl. I know. Um… No, even, like, Psych 101 shit? Unlicensed- unlicensed psychotherapist. Had no psychological or medical training. Okay. Problematic. Again, fucking, the 80s need to go to jail. Yeah. They did. They did. But, don't worry, she only had to examine and interview, uh, a handful of kids who would come forward after this letter came about. Only 400 children. So don't worry. Um, so she and two other, unqualified assistants were allowed to conduct their investigations. They famously use an addict- an anatomically correct dolls, you know. Like, Show me on this doll where the bad man touched you. And, I think we have a photo of Kay. Let's… Or, Key, I mean. Let's see her photo. I think, yeah. That's prob- problematic. A bald eagle? Fuck? That's the problem? I'm just saying. It doesn't… Look at these monsters. I know. And then she would do this thing where she'd be like… What's that back there? Fuck. Karen, there's nothing there. What? Huh? There's no face there. There hasn't been a doll like that here in 25 years. So, thank you so much. Thank you. That's my character There hasn't been a BLANK like that around here… And now it's 25 years, which isn't that long ago. No, it's not that long. Yeah, I don't know. It's still my favorite- one of my favorites. Followed- followed closely by Drunk Karen. She's here. She'll make an appearance tonight, don't worry. She'll come out. She's a special… And then I'm gonna have a ladder rolled out and do my one woman show. It's gonna be so good! Okay. So, they were… Look, this fuckin' chick, and there's like transcripts of it, where she's just like, Hey, Billy, uh, all your friends said that mr Bucky touched you. Are you stu- Literally said, Are you stupid or do you know that this happened? Like, I'm not kidding you, the kids would be like, I don't think that happened. And they'd be like, Well, I think you're lying to me or are you just dumb? I swear. She was just, like, berating them until she got the answer she wanted. Jesu Fucking Christ. Uh-huh, it's absolutely right. And- and was it the- the kind of thing of, like, she's like, I need to do my work. No one else of, like, a responsible adult gets to be in the room? Well, they- everyone believed it. Everyone thought that this is really happening. I mean everyone believed her. And when she pulled out the bald eagle and crocodile puppets, no one was like, You know what? Let's take a pause and regroup in the conference room. That's how they did, like, childhood psychology and therapy back then, is, you act shit out. But you don't, like, lead the witness who's a fuckin' three year old child into being, like, Yeah, you know, not that you mention it. And, hey, let me redo some of the shit that came- that they ended up saying. You also don't lead a child into just a fucking full-on insult to their face. Right. Um. Dummy. These extremely coercive interview processes lead to false memories among children. Meaning, children are- I mean, we all know here, children are liars. No one has one here, right? 'Cause otherwise you'd be home with them. Children are liars. They love lying almost as much as they love Halloween candy. They're both delicious. So, uh, and then it let to highly fantastic claims of abuse directed at the entire staff at McMartin high… Eh, where are we? Preschool. Out of 400 children- Preschool/high school. The interviewers ended up coming out and saying that 359 of them have been abused. Fuck. Okay, buh-buh-buh-buh-buh, all right, around- around- among the many outlandish claims that children made in the case, uh, it- were that the daycare owners would flush them down toilets- Right. -into secret underground tunnels- Fun. -under this tiny little school. Um, that lead them to transport them to ritual ceremonies. That's cool. The teachers, like ritually sacrificed animals in front of the kids. Clubbed a horse to death with a baseball bat. No. No, don't worry, it didn't fuckin' happen! Calm down. How did the horse get down the toilet? How? Seriously. Just, someone ask one fucking question. Number one question. Number one. How small was that horse? Can I see that horse? Can I feed that horse a carrot? 'Cause that's the cutest fucking horse of all time. Absolutely. That they… Even then I don't think it would fit down a toilet. Like, let's think rationally, people. Let's think about toilets. Yeah. Let's get one out here. Come on out! Come on out! That they sacrificed a baby in a church. So, like, in the middle of the day in preschool, they were like, Kids, we're going to a church, we'll have you home by nap time. Grab your cloaks. It'll be fine. Made the children drink blood and that the teachers dressed up as witches and legitimately flew through the air. So, these- everyone's like, Oh my God I knew that fuckin' Jerry Falwell was telling the truth! Said no one, ever. Um, and took the kids to orgies at airports and car washes. Which, everyone knows, is the best place to go for an orgy. 'Cause you're just immediately clean walking through a car wash. That's right. I'm… Is it like at the Southwest gate? How do you, at the airport? How do you, at the airport? Has anyone ever, at the airport? How? You know, when I'm at my horniest, is when I'm at an airport. Yeah. No. Ugh, you're like, Look at a Chili's too. mm-hmm <affirmative>. mm-hmm <affirmative>. mm-hmm <affirmative>. mm-hmm <affirmative>. mm-hmm <affirmative>. mm-hmm <affirmative>. mm-hmm <affirmative>. mm-hmm <affirmative>. You know what I love? Satan. No. So, after six… Okay, I mean, there- this goes on so long I'm not gonna- to do. Also, I just want to say, clearly they were led because there's so many ideas here that are not preschool-level children ideas at all. Right, right. It's like, what three year old talks about the fuckin' airport? At all? One kids like, I love a car wash. And she's like, You were molested at a car wash? And it's like, no! What's that you say? Yeah. But can I have candy? Okay, yeah, I'll do what you say. Um… Good job, dummy. It's the only part of this story I like. So, essentially the- all these charges are dropped with- with the other teachers, but they're all brought- it's a 6 year, fucking trial, Six years of this while they're in prison the whole time. Uh, including- so it was only, after a while, it was only Ray Bucky and his Peggy McMartin-Bucky. Let me show you a photo of this fuckin' Satan-worshiping psychopath. I mean, I know that monsters are hiding among us, you know, they look like us, they look like everyday fuckin' people, but I bet you anything she's not into Satan. You know what she's into? Making your lasagna. That's all she wants to do. Look at her afghan that she's clutching at court. Uh, Jesus. If you bring an afghan to court, there should be a rule that you're innocent immediately. Get outta here. You're like, See, I knitted it myself. Ma'am, get me my gavel, I have to get you out of here. I'm glad I brought this stethoscope out here, it was a good idea. It was worth it. It was so good. So, uh, after six years of investigation and litigation, the case, ultimately, is- it goes away due to a lack of utter evidence. The original accusing parent, remember our friend Jill. I do. She's eventually diagnosed as a paranoid schizophrenic. Oh, no! mm-hmm <affirmative>. Um, our investigate- and the investigation techniques used by the Children's Institute, our friend Key, uh, were thoroughly discredited by the psychological community after six years. Finally, in 1990, little old lady Peggy is acquitted and Ray Bucky eventually had all charges dismissed as well. The jury was like, What have we been doing for 6 fucking years. These poor people. Then they found out that the Children's Institute, um, was just a spiral notebook that lady had in the back of her car. And she's like, I have ideas about fucking everybody's life up. An toilets. Uh… And toilet horses. She was like, Oops, this was supposed to be a novel of fiction. I fucked up and I brought the wrong notebook for six years. Dammit! She was actually- she was supposed to write Harry Potter but she fucked it up. She fucked it up. She got selfish. Um, then, duh-duh-duh-duh-duh. They got lucky, though, because this happened all over. I mean, think of the fucking West Memphis Three, it's the same thing with the Satanic Panic. And, in fact, there were two owners, this married couple of a preschool in Oak Hill, Texas who had similar charges brought against them. But they spent 23 years in prison before being released in 2013. Yeah. That was a couple years ago, you guys. Um, despite no evidence ever found that they had done anything they'd been accused of. I remember seeing that on, I think it was a, 60 Minutes, maybe, and it was… You could tell they purely did it because they didn't like the look of 'em. It was, like, you could tell the people that were in charge were like, Oh, get him. You know? That guy has long hair, it was that kind of thing. Well, were they wrong? No. Kidding. Well… They were wrong. Okay. McMartin Preschool building in Manhattan Beach was razed in 1990 and, uh, the Satanic ritual abuse claims relied essentially, that was found, to rely on overzealous law enforcement, ob- obstan- unsubstantiated… What did you say? Unsubstantiated statements from children and false memories implanted during therapy and, above all, coercive and suggestive interrogation by therapist and prosecutors. Again… And car washes. Yeah, shout out to Aja Romano from Vox for all her amazing information and that is the daycare sex abuse mass panic of the McMartin trial. Ugh. <unk:cheering> Oh, awful. Sweating. That was a sweaty one. That was a sweaty one. That was rough stuff. Oh, sorry I keep doing that. Jesus Christ. What? Okay. Thank you. I'm going to now tell you guys… Great job by the way. Thank you, thank you. That was very, very, very upsetting. Just like we like on Howl-loween. Mmmm. I'm gonna tell you guys all about the mannequin at the carnival. The what? It's my new book of poetry, The Mannequin at the Carnival. This all takes place at an old, um, amusement park in Long Beach called The Pike. Yeah. Either someone's from Long Beach or they're getting stabbed right now in the audience. That was bloodcurdling. That scream. Although, if you're from Long Beach you would kind of blood-curdle scream for yourself, I would think. You would- you got to. Okay. In the turn of the century Long Beach, you know how I like to talk about the turn of the century. Karen will not shut up about the turn of the century Long Beach. So, the big thing to do, uh, in southern California, obviously, was go to the beach. Long Beach had this big old pier, I think we have a picture and they had a bath house called The Plunge. Look at it. Look at them. So this is what people, who were dressed from their neck all the way to the tips of their toes, they loved all their asses on down to the beach and stand in the sun for hours. Nothing is more fun than just slowly strolling uncomfortable tiny shoes… Corsets, and, of course, everyone's wearing their funeral blacks. Important. I bet everyone smells so bad. Yeah. It's like powder and decay. And B.O. And, yeah, so, uh, there was a red car line that went from Los Angeles down to Long Beach so people could get out of the city for the day and then go down here and chill out on the beach because they can't go to the beach in LA. Anyway, don't think about it. So it gets so popular, um, they start adding… There's a carnival, um, concessions, rides, they string lights above the walkway, um… Charming. Right? They call it the Walk of a Thousand Lights. Oh! This is back when lights were a big deal. Oh, right. Right. Yeah. Okay. They're like <unk:gasp> <unk:louder_gasp_urning>. Electric light? Is it God himself? As it's popularity grows, they build a midway, um, that has now like a seaside studios souvenir photography studio. Um, Duluth carousel, MacGruder saltwater taffy. I mean, all the things that us here would just have- love to do all the time. Saltwater taffy is gross and tastes bad. And then it rips all your fillings out. And I bet back then they had like one flavor. It was just sand. Sand flavor. Yeah. Alfalfa. Yeah. Um, there was but- there was, your favorite, pitch and skill games, pony rides, go-carts, a fortune tellers, a weight guesser. Shut up. I know. Would you shut up? You don't know it. Yeah. And a variety of dark, uh, of thrill rides, amusements, and attractions. Oh, here's this picture I found that I just, kind of, like. Um, I don't know if it's an attraction or if it's, um… Oh, Stephen actually put Long Beach Trolley there as if that's the name of it. But I just called it a trolley because I didn't know what else to call it. I like it. That's- please don't anyone go and, like, write your thesis about the Long Beach Trolly. This just another one of my lies. Okay, um, well, we think there's another one. This- the one after this. No, there's gonna be a bunch, Georgia. This- this story is mostly pictures. Um, the next picture, I think there's, yeah. Shit. Look how rad that kid is. That kid wants to fight me. That kid is like- that kid saw the photographer and he was like, Fucking come at me, bro. I'm filled with salt water taffy and I'm gonna kick your ss right now. Oh, my God. Look at him. He has two jobs and he smokes. Yay. Look it… And those are little flags and that's where the lights are. That's the Walkway of Lights. There's salty old Virginia, she's just doing her thing in her uncomfortable shoes. She's got a full bottle of gin in her purse. Where do you want to go? The Pier? Ugh. All right. Here's penny, leave me alone. Get out of here, kid. Gary, his name's Gary. It's baby Gary. Yay. It's baby Gary. All right. Then, in 1930, they build the humongous roller coaster The Cyclone Racer. Have you ever seen this thing? No. Okay, it's rad. This is the entrance. It's a hundred feet tall. Hard pass. It's all made of wood. You no-no? I don't wanna. Are you gonna me me go on it right now? No, you have to. And, can we do the wide of it because it went out, essentially, the next picture is the wide. Um, it goes out into the sea. Guys, no. So, what is your fear? Heights? We've got you covered. The ocean? We've got you covered. Weird deaths? Yeah. We're there. Like, early architecture that's made by, like, alcoholic hobos who, like, just don't give a shit. And then, like, no licensing and, like, no checks and balances. That's exactly. They're like, I like roller coasters, so I'm gonna build one, see? Right, over the ocean. Insurance? We don't need insurance! Don't be crazy. It's all that little kids idea. Gary is such an entrepreneur. More than a few drunken sailors, who had gone down to the pier, because there's lots of sailors- sailors stationed down in Long Beach, uh, ignored the do not stand up sign. And why wouldn't you? I mean, it's your special day. If it's your day and you wanna have fun your way, stand up on this insane roller coaster with no safety features whatsoever, and die, die, die, die, die. So, it had dual tracks, hairpin turns, a skeletal frame that dangled out over the ocean, like myself. And, by World War 2, the Pike- the whole amusement area, had, um, grown to 15 acres. Um, and then they had- they added freak shows, they added arcades, shooting gallery's, dance halls, bars tattoo parlors. It was filled year-round with tourists and quote thousands of salty sailors stationed in Long Beach. Sorry, before I go any further I got all this information from an article on Slate.com on a website called allthatsinteresting.com and- but it's just this story. No, just kidding. And then there's a guy named Charles Phoenix who- who has a website. You- you know that guy? It's all, like, retro stuff and it kind of explains like, it used to be nice down here. Look at these pictures. Um, so that- the, uh, salty sailors quote is from his website, that's what reminded me. All right. So in 1950 they hold a contest to rename the Pike. Okay. Do you wanna do a guess of, like, what's a better name for the Pike Amusement Park? Oh, um. Drunk People Everywhere. That is good. No. The Fighting- The Fighting- Wave Tectonics. Yes. How did- how did you do that? Am I right? They renamed it the New Pike. So- so, uh- so, meh… Okay. Maybe they should have just called it Piker. Right? Piker. Like more than pike? Yeah. The New Pike. Piker. Piker-er. Well, you should have entered the fucking contest then. Clearly. Clearly. That's the thing is they hold a contest and it's like the fish bowl is out on the desk and there's just that one piece of paper that says New Pike inside and they're like, Any else- any other people have ideas? Anyone? Seriously? Seriously. Just say anything. It could be like Wave Tectonics. It could be Wave Tectonics. Anything. So, by the 70s, this place turned into, like, this shitty, rundown carnival that looked like somewhere you- you- you would not have a ride away from and then be, like Oh, this is it for me. Do we have a picture of what it ended up looking like after it was, like… Seven- 70s new Pike is pretty sad. Cool. I like this shit. Close your eyes and picture it in your mind. You're going to. Did I not have the New Pike? I might have skipped that one. Well, if it comes up, it comes up and Steven is fired. Anyway, this is where our story begins, I actually wrote that down because I was like, You're talking about this carnival so much no one knows what's going on anymore. You're supposed to be doing a Halloween show where everyone's creeped out and spooky Halloween and, instead, it's like Carnival Days in Long Beach. So, in 1976, they're filming the Six Million Man at the New Pike. Cool. I think that was my mom. I swear to fucking God. Look- look at that piece. Look at that hot piece right there in his whip-stitch jacket. That is a mother fuckin' button nose if I've ever seen one. Oh, he's just a precious man, that's all. Okay. God, that guy… He was, like… When I was growing up, because this show was on from '74 to '78, I think, and this is just like some of my most baseline memories is, like, Oh, it's my mom and my dad and fuckin' that guy in the background. Always. He was everywhere. He was humong. Um, okay, so just, if you don't know, you're- you're like I'm a millennial and I won't pay attention to anything before 1999 then I'll tell you this was a television show. This is what we watched before YouTube. And it ran from '74 to '79. It was about a former astronaut named Colonel Steve Austin who was played by Lee Majors. That's him. Very talented man. Uh, he had been given superhuman strength because the government had given him bionic implants. So we… That's a fuckin' true story to you guys. It is. I know it. They just don't want you to know about it. Yeah. He just wasn't super hot, the guy they actually did it to. No, he was kind of plain. Um, Steve Austin could run super fast but you knew that because he was running in slow motion and then there was like a machine sound that they laid over the top of slow motion running and you're like, God he's so fast. And that was CGI back then. Yes. Just some- just some layers. Uh, and then he also had one, like, real weird eye. Like a, just a, real sharp eye. TV! He's bionic. Don't worry about it. One time Steve Austin met up with Bigfoot. Do we have that next week picture. Yeah he did. Look at him. Holy shit! I mean, like, '74 to '79, that's a long fuckin' time, like, that fifth season writers room they're like, We did the thing where he fought against Russians but we did that already. What about… Did he ever meet up with, and I remember this happening, like, this was a rule that had to happen on every show, the fuckin' Harlem Globe Trotters. Did you ever have to team up with them? They're all inside this Bigfoot suit. Oh, my God. Amazing. I- this is actually one of, uh, a very distinct memory I have because when… I don't know if they were fighting or if they were just having fun in the forest but, Bigfoot, like, was throwing huge logs. I mean we- that's all we- we had no choices back then in our entertainment. We're just like, no, I love this. I love this. I want a lunch box with this on it. Mother fuckers, so… And now our story begins. Okay. So they're shooting an episode of the Six Million Dollar Man at the New Pike Carnival and it's an episode where, for some reason, Steve Austin, the Six Million Dollar Man goes on a spooky fun house ride. Sure, that's dignified. Um, you know how, like, government operatives, when they're fighting crime- Sometimes-- go on a fun house to do so? Yeah. Perhaps he was chasing a criminal that also wanted to have fun real quick- Sure. -before he got away. Absolutely. So it was- they actually went on the- a real ride from the New Pike and it was closed. It was called Laugh in the Dark and I think we have a picture of it. This is one of the only things, look at it, leftover. Wow. Yeah. It's real. Okay. And it was really there. Okay. And, it's the kind of thing where, just like the Children's Institute, you're like, Somebody made this up and it's not a good idea. Laugh in the Dark is dumb- Yeah, yeah. -it's a bad name. Yeah, and it's not spelled right. It's not spelled right and it doesn't look fun, funny, or scary. Uh-uh. It just looks like a bit- it almost looks like where the bathroom should be. Okay, picture, if you will, the propman from in the Six Million Dollar Man has to go into Laugh in the Dark- mm-hmm <affirmative>. -and look at all the shit that's been stuck in there and be like, Okay, well, if the shot goes through here, we're gonna be looking at this, this, this, and this. This is what we want. Or do we actually bring in things that are interesting looking? And, so, as he does that, uh, it says, In the ride there's a tunnel were various ghosts, ghouls, skeletons, and demons pop out at you as your car is jerked side to side in the dark. Sounds fun. I mean, you know what it'll make you do? L-A-F-F, laugh. That's for sure. So, the prop guy is fixing shit up, he sees there's a mannequin hanging from a noose in the corner. So he probably is like, I don't know if the kids'll love that, now that we've got the Bigfoot crowd following us. We might- we might wanna take the noose out of the shot. Yeah. He goes up to grab the mannequin and he ends up pulling its arm off and then when he looks at the arm there's a bone inside of it. Ew! Oh no! Spooky Halloween. Spooky Halloween. Not only a bone, but a tissue-like flesh around the bone. Gross. So he puts that arm down very gingerly and then he proceeds to scream for 11 days, in the dark. He stays there. He stays there. Right in the dark, screaming. 11 days. Uh, where did I go? Oh, it's right at the bottom of the page. Wow. Scream- oh, I put screams for 11 years. Days is funnier. Years is too long. We have to edit on the fly. We have to know that everything is fixable. Who's she? That's the opposite of drunk Karen. I hate her. This, okay, prepare yourselves. If you brought, like, a baby or something, turn it away. Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, seriously? This is the- this is what was found. Holy shit, no! In the dark. How? Why? See where the arm was broken off? Yeah. That's how it was hanging when the guy still thought it was a mannequin over there. No, that looks… No. No, right? No. The answer's yes or no. No. No, okay. I don't want to go on this ride either, please. Are you gonna make me go on this ride <crosstalk>. Yeah, you have to. No, you have to! <laugh> That's horrible. It also, I can't tell it somebody Photoshopped it red, which, if you did, hats off to you because it makes it… That picture's awful and it looks like something they would be, like, a creepy pasta you're reading where you're like This isn't real. A child wrote this. And then that would be the picture underneath the article. This, on the other hand, well, that looks like tandoori chicken, which is delicious. It's scary in a different way. It's scary in a- it's heightened. Okay. Oh my God. So here's what's happening. It turns out the mannequin was Elmer Macurdy, an Old West outlaw who died in a gun fight with police 65 years earlier. Holy shit. Right? In 1911, Elmer Macurdy, the Mischief-Making Vagabond… That's the best nickname of all time, it's super long, you can't remember it. He robbed a train in Oklahoma and then he took his $46 and bottle of whiskey- Which at that time was… $17,000. That's right. And he fled to Kansas. When the police found him they, um, they- he hid in a big haystack because this is a Bugs Bunny cartoon and they start a shootout. He says, You'll never take me alive. And they're like, Sounds great, it's a deal. And they kill him and then his body is taken to a funeral home. It sits at the funeral home. No one ever claims it, so the undertaker, who, uh, saw… It's 1911, so he's like, I need money. We all need money. This is the Wild West. So what he does is he puts Elmer's body out in front of the funeral home still in his, um, casket and he- the setup is, you can come look at him if you put a nickel in his mouth. <unk:audience_recoils> Do we have- No. -a picture? You have a photo? <unk:audience_recoils> Go right up. What the fuck? Go right up, little girl. What's wrong? He looks like Ted Bundy, kinda. Well. No, I see how you think he's cute. I did not- I never said- I didn't… Oh, my God. That is terrifying. I mean, you try to live your life as a bank robber, whatever, with respect, and you end up being a fuckin' bank for children. Yeah. Not cool. That's not cool. Um, but it doesn't end there. Okay. Because, uh, that goes on for awhile and then in 1915, two guys from a carnival come and say their Elmer's brothers and they are there to take him away to be buried. I don't believe 'em. And the undertakers like, Uh, okay, and then he, like, opens up his head and all the nickels fall out. Stop it. Stop it, that's not funny. It's like a gumball machine. How else do you get the nickels out, like, what's the thinking? We were all wondering. Like, what was he gonna do? Yeah, we wanted to know. How'd you get them nickels? Um, so, the two brothers aren't real brothers or other carnival owners and, so, Elmer then becomes an attraction at their traveling carnival and he's displayed as the bandit who wouldn't give up. Jesus. This sounds like a Scooby Doo cartoon. Yes, there should definitely be a big stacked-up sandwich somewhere in this. You can eat in one bite. How did he do it? He was so thin and he could eat all the tall sandwiches he wanted. Ugh, so jealous. I hate Shaggy. Okay. <laugh> So, when the body is considered no longer in mint condition… Oh, sorry. There's always these beauty standards that we have to live up. Oh. They changed, uh, the act and he then is displayed as the 1,000 Year Old Man. Great, yeah. The hits keep coming. Yeah. Carl Reiner's like, That was my idea, Thank you. Someone listens to comedy records from the 40s. I'm not alone anymore. This goes on for 60 years. Uh-uh. Nope. Too many… The, just displaying this man willy-nilly at carnivals, wax museums, haunted houses, and then he finally ends up at Pikes Amusement Park, um, where they applied a nice coat of paint to him. Great. And they hung him in Laff in the Dark. They thought, uh, the, uh, whatever you call, authorities, believe that he was hanging there for four years before he was discovered. Um, they took his body back to Oklahoma and buried him in 1977 which we have a picture of. Is it gonna be his body… Oh, great. Finally. That's nice. Although, after they buried him, they did pour an extra slab of concrete over his casket so he wouldn't get out and wander about again. I- you guys, that doesn't happen. And, also, he didn't do it in the first place. They did it to him. Right. It wasn't like, You know where I wanna go next? He's like… No, you stay down there. I'd love to mother fuckers, I wanted to do this 65 years ago. And that's the story of Elmer Macurdy, the mannequin at the carnival. <unk:cheering> Amazing. I found that one so long ago. I'm so happy for you. No, I really am. I am so happy for you. I am so happy for you. No, that- that was, yeah, that was a good one. Thanks. Good job. Thank you so much. Do we have time for a costume contest. It's a costume, you wanna see? I do. Watch this. Here we go. Oh my God. I'm dressed as Elvis. Yes, you are! Vince Averill everybody, tour manager… It's Averill! Vince Averill. Vince, if I hadn't of already married you, I would marry the shit out of you right now. Just for this? Yes, truly. Uh, real quick, the Bigfoot on Six Million Dollar Man, Andre The Giant. What? Are you serious? Absolutely. Absolutely. I love- I love him. Double married. Double married. No it's a double wedding. Me and you and him. Trick or treat, ladies, I'll be right back. Thank you. Oh my… He's also in character as Elvis. I know. He's not just wearing the outfit. Our cat is named Elvis, guys, for anyone who's new. That's… Get it? So Vince went around and pulled some interesting- some of interest, uh, costumes, out of the audience. If you're sitting there with your perfectly put together girl from The Ring and you're, like, Mine's better. It might be. Yep, you're probably right. We just wanted to do highlight some efforts. Yeah, just a couple of cool people. Why are we so defensive about the costume contest? You all look great, by the way. You really do, thank you so much. Those of you dressed up, where are they Vince? They're all back stage, just chillin' out. That was so cute, because get it? Elvis. My cat's Elvis. I do. It's like a- it's like a play on words. That's so cute. Yeah. It's very smart. That's so not like him. I'm just really happy about that. Yeah, he doesn't take big swings. He's a very low key person. Yeah. Yeah. And, with the gesturing, I don't know what we're waiting for right now. He fired. Really. Everyone's fired tonight at the entire Microsoft. You know, today, when I was driving to work, there was a girl wearing a really tight Rogue costume. She was dressed as Rogue, but, like, in real latex, I think. Or, like, it was just this thing and she had the hugest butt and, so, as I drove I was like, Yeah! I was like… On Halloween, you put it out there, and, if you gonna put it out there, you should be supported by other big butted girls, I think. Put it out there. People like it. They love it. I love it. All right, let's get our… Vince picked these costumes, let's see what he's brought out. What should we got? Yay! Yeah! Oh my God, I love that movie. You look amazing! What's happening? It's Lilu. Hi. Hey. Nice to meet you guys. Hi, crazy. How are you? What's your name? My name's Jessica, but I'm also the Supreme Being. Hi, Jolie! Say it again. I'm Jessica but I'm also the Supreme Being. The Supreme Being, that's right. I thought the Supreme Being was that lady that sang opera. Nope. It's me. It's Lilu. I'm going over here. I protect you. Oh, wait a second, it's a two parter. It's Ruby Rod! What's your name? Katy. Your lady next to you too. It's Katy. You're such a little peanut, I love it. I'm a peanut. The Notorious RBG. Oh, there she is. It's the Notorious RBG. The Notorious RBG. Amazing. What's your name? Jolie. Jolie. Thank you so much. Great job you guys. Nice one, good job. Thank you for dressing up. You look incredible. That's my Wednesday outfit. That's her Wednesday outfit. <inaudible> It's just my Wednesday outfit. Yes. It just so happens to be… I love it. Cool. Um, I don't know, what do you guys want to do now? I was just gonna stand here for the rest of the night. Okay, cool. It's my bedtime, but, I mean. What did you say? Is there a contest? Well, um, I think you guys, all three, already won. Here, I have, um… Oh, whatchu got? Georgia's got some prizes for you. I have some… I can't take candy. She can't take candy. Relax Ruth Bader Ginsburg, for Christ's sake. Here's a- here, I'm gonna give you my pin because I didn't bring three. The pin off your jacket? Oh, because you only have two. Here you go. Good job everybody. Good job. Thank you. Yes. Great job, everyone! Give them a hand. I think that's it. Thank you so much. I just have to give a shout out to my girlfriend, Lisa. Hi, Lisa. Oh, are you a hanger on? A little bit, I'm trying to become a Murderino. Get out. Oh, you're too late. Too late. Good job. Hi, what's your name? John. John, where the fuck were you? Lost. Really? I had no idea where to go. Did you have to get up here by yourself? Well, no one said my name. Oh, that's cause you didn't get picked. <laugh> God, Halloween is tough sometimes, isn't it? Do you have another pin for John? No, I don't I'm sorry. Whatchu got? My food. Perfect. Thank you. Thanks you guys. Give 'em a hand. Thanks you guys! That's all. Here. Here. Good job. We didn't really have a plan. No. We just wing it around here. Yeah, good job. Thanks you guys. You can just go get lost, kind of wander backstage. Yeah. And I think there's some… Go through my purse. There's hockey next door. Oh, there's one more. Oh, oh. He's dressed as a serial killer. Wait. Is there? Let's see. Uh, oh. <inaudible> it's fucking' Ed Kemper. Oh my God. You guys. It's Cameron Britton! Hi! Cameron Britton from HBO Mindhunters is here. Right? We had a reason for doing that. It was a big mess. Here, come sit down with us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How'd you like our costume contest, Cameron? Pretty good? Hello. It was, it was great. This is my version of my own costume. It's not great. It's really good. Yeah, I didn't have tennis shoes like New Balance on the day. But this is what I auditioned in. This was the shirt. Is that true? Really? Yeah, this is it. How many times did you have to audition? I auditioned, uh, six times. Really. Wow. And they told me that no one else had to, so I don't know, like… Nobody else… Jonathan Groff was like, No, I did twice and then… Wow. Maybe they just wanted to see you act more. Yeah. Maybe. Did you know who Ed Kemper was when you went in? No, I had no idea. You didn't? No. But I could tell by the script that I was sent, I was only sent a few pages, there was something about it that just didn't seem like it was, um, made up by a writer. It seemed like quotes. Yeah. Yeah. Very grounded. Very grounded writing. Yeah, so, I just got a feeling. I typed Ed Kemper into YouTube and I went down a rabbit hole. Yeah. Of a long time that I can- I'll never forget, like, we went that night. I did a self-tape and then we went to a bar in north Hollywood and, uh, my friends and I were talkin' about, Okay, I just had this audition, this guy really did… And I, like, went through the list of all the things he did to his mom and, like, we're all just drinkin' and Oh, my God, that's the craziest thing. And then I was like, You guys, I got a callback for that. And they're like, Really? And then I was like, You guys, I got another callback for that. And they're like, That's great. And then I was like, You guys, I got another callback for that. And it just kept going. Over six weeks. Wow. Wow. But then it ended up, uh, that you got an Emmy nomination for that role that you did. Yeah, yeah. Hey! That's a pretty good feeling, right? Yeah, it was, um, it was just pretty emotional actually. This was my first guest star at 31 and it's led to being here talkin' to 7,000 people. Look at it. This could all be yours. This could all be yours. And we had the Emmy's there and I sat right down there next to, uh… Oh, wow. Yeah, the Emmy's were here. That's right, because they held them here. There. I was right next to Jane Lynch, we were <unk:trails_off> The Emmy's were a practice for this show. Yeah, that was what it was. And I didn't get on stage that night, but I'm here now. So I'm on stage <crosstalk> That's right. That's right. And we're giving you our version of an Emmy. Oh, a Stethy. <laugh> What? So, how long did you have to- because you- you played Ed Kemper so beautifully that it made me a little terrified of you when I met you earlier. Yeah. Because it was so good and real. How long did you have to, like, practice being the biggest creep? Well, TV never rehearses, but we rehearsed a lot actually. Uh, we discussed it a lot and I had a few months before the first shoot, which we shot it in order. Uh, and then, uh, maybe a few months later I did the next one. Finally- so it was 9 months in character I just kinda passed up auditions and stuff. So I just focused on him for nine months which, in TV again, as a guest star is impossibly rare. Yeah. Yeah. =And that's the show, you know. It- it- if anyone there hasn't seen it- it- it's a- it goes all out in making it as authentic as possible. Yeah. You know, there's no… I love Hannibal Lecter, but it's so over the top, uh, this is much more grounded. Well, because they're real people. I mean it's that thing where we read these stories and we talk about the- the facts of these cases that are so… You just can't believe, um, you know, a guy cut his own mother's head off and buried her in the backyard facing the house. All- it's all shit where you're like, What! But then it's, like, it's a real person. It's a real person that did that. Yeah, I still can't believe… It's weird, because, you know, like, Stalin murdered millions of people, but, still, like if you cut your moms head off and you have sex with it, we're still like, What? What? Yes. No you didn't. And then he's six foot nine and his IQs like 145 and the guy's just… Yeah. Did you have to… You're not six foot nine. I'm six-five. I mean, I didn't mean that as an insult. No. You're plenty tall. I- I have no problems. Did you have to wear heals? Uh, I did, yeah. Did you really? Yeah. High heels? Yeah, it was boots with high heels on it and then, I mean, those hurt like hell. Like, when you… Yeah, the fuckin' do. Um, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Finally. Try it at 300 pounds, girls. Okay. So, yeah. But a lot of that stuff, like I took my shoes off so not to take you out of the moment, but if you're watching the show and my feet are under a table there's a good chance I have no shoes on. Just kind of chillin' back, you know. Oooh. Hippy Ed Kemper. Secrets of Hollywood. Right. You know what's really funny too, is, like, talking to you it's not totally dissimilar, it's not like this, you know, uh, eh… But when you were Ed Kemper there was no light in your eyes. You were the most dead-eyed, reptilian person. Thank you! Right? Yes. That's not you. That's crazy. I worked really had on that dead-eyed thing. You- you turn that light out real good. Uh, Christian Bale talked about, he- he based a lot of American Psycho off of Tom Cruise because he noticed that his smile never reaches his eyes, that was his thing. Whoa. Face rule. And, so there is a way, actually, you can practice just killing your eyes. Oh my God. <laugh> We should start a Hollywood gossip podcast. Abso-fucking-lutely. The three of us. Yes. Yeah. Let's start one. Oh my God. The right <crosstalk> tonight. Oh my God. Russel Crowe and Dakota Fanning went out and… I doubt they did, ever. Were you- you have a, um, a hometown murder story, right? I do. I do. A hometown murder story. It's an old family secret that, uh, my grandmother didn't- she didn't know that she had two uncles, uh, until she was 18 years old. It was so secret, but all the people involved are dead now, so they don't care. So I'm gonna tell you. Those are the best ones. The best ones. You're gonna make the most jokes on those ones. Let's talk about the dead. So, let's go back to 1897. Yes. This house was built on this property my family still has, we still camp on it, but at that time it was sheep herding country. Uh… Where is this? This is in Cazadero, California. mm-hmm <affirmative>. But you may know, there's no way. There are, to this day, 400 people living in the town <crosstalk> They're not here tonight. They're all here tonight. They're- they're all here. Yes, even the mayor. We could all become our own army and just take over Cazadero. All of us on a whim. So- so, it's, uh, this is even further up north than that. This is way out in the woods of northern California. Uh, and my great grandfather grew up in this house and, uh, he drove a mule to school an everything. Wow. Like, so- so when he, okay, so his two older brothers Don and James, James murdered Don. Spoiler alert, James was, uh, he- he had a complicated birth so they think he had a lack of oxygen, so he had, like, the mind of an eight year old. And he, uh, his mother, Anna, brought him to a mental institution and brought him in and looked around and then decided, No, it's not right for him. Which, is, you know, unfortunate because, sometime later, uh, Don and James were down at the barn and we're really not sure on the dispute, we think Don was heading to San Francisco and that made James jealous, because on that day, just going to San Francisco was amazing. It's a big deal. It was just like, Well, you're the coolest guy I've ever met. That's how it was in my town too, when I was growing up. Wait, how old were the boys? They were in their 20s at this point, but my great grandfather's the younger brother, he was, like, seven. So, uh, I'm whispering, like, Oh! It's scary. Gather 'round. Gather 'round everyone. You guys. So, then- so, they're have a dispute and James was known, uh, the children were all scared him growing up for these violent outburst he'd have. And they got in a dispute and he grabbed the ax off the barn door and he- and he murdered Don. And Anna, the mother, heard it and ran down to the barn and found James covered in blood and then, when my mom tells it, she goes in, And it's really upsetting for James because he was a clean freak. That wasn't really, like, I don't know if you need the icing on the cake. Like, also, he was upset because of all his brother's blood on him. It's sticky, you know. Uh, so, but Anna was, kind of, a baller, I still can't believe that she would do this. She- she said, I got it handled. And she- she stayed with James alone in this- in this wilderness with her son who'd just murdered her other son and she sent George, my- my grand, uh, great grandfather, at 7 years old, to the nearest house to get help. And that was two miles away in the dark, in the woods. Holy shit. In the dark. In the woods! In the dark, in the woods. In the dark, in the woods. No. So, like, it's, like, a bad day and then it's like a really bad day. So, you know, it's not great. Um, and thankfully he doesn't remember much of it, but, uh- uh, James went to a mental institution and he died there and yeah, my grandma never knew, until she was 18, uh, and then four more people died of, you know, old age or just that stuff that people died of all the time, in the day. Uh, and in that house, and that house got very haunted. My mother's seen ghosts in there. <unk:Gasp> <unk:Gasp> And then we would go camp and sleep in this house. We'd be like, We wanna go to Disneyland. And she'd be like, No, we're going- you gotta remember your history <crosstalk>. Oh, no! it was horrifying. Don't remember you history. Don't remember you history. You can learn nothing. And, so, uh, and- and that's really it. Jesus. What more do you want? I mean, listen people. Layer upon layer. That's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. So good. And, do you think, did you bring a little James into the Kemper characterization? I don't know, maybe he's in there. Maybe he's in there right now. You know what was in there? Uh, Robert California from The Office. Again, not to ruin it. But, it wasn't like I was like, And a little of Robert California. And I'm, like, sprinkling. It just happened and then James Stewart I owe- I just felt like there was a little bit of a polite polish. The formality, you're right. And then a lot of my dad. Who is Ed Kemper. Right? That's another hometown murder story for a different day. Spoiler alert. What's next for Cameron Britton? Yeah. Oh, Girl In the Spider's Web comes out November 9th. Ooo. Clair Foy's the best. She's everything I'd hoped she'd be. And then, um, okay, so February 15th a new Netflix show called Umbrella Academy comes out. What's that about? That one is a comic book series, uh, brought to live action. Uh, Mary J. Blige and I play two assassins. Nice. Yes. Who, yeah… Give it to me now. It's me and Mary J. Blige traveling through time. What the fuck? And assassinating the good guys. Sorry, the two twins from The Shining are walking by. Did you win the lottery? Oh, they're so upset they have to leave. Oh my goodness. You have upset the twins from The Shining. Oh, I'm not playing with you forever and ever and ever. They're not there, what are you talking about? I don't see any twins from The Shining. Oh, my God, don't do that to everybody! Bye. And, you- you- there- we can't talk about whether or not you're on the next season of Mindhunter, but you- but you can tell us one thing about someone else who's on it. Yeah. Right? Uh, I, uh, found out that, uh, they'll have Charles Manson as an interview. You heard it here first. The- the same… Uh, yeah. The same, um, the same actor is actually playing Manson again in Tarantino's Once Upon a Time in Hollywood. So this guy is, like, so good at it. He's Australian. Whoa. And they got the makeup artist from The Darkest Hour, who just won an Academy Award, so this dude looks like Manson and then they'll cover the Atlanta Child Murderers. Wow. Creepy. Um, yeah, so you're gonna see Holden Ford l- not just, uh, do- do studies. He's gonna be in the field practicing and trying to actually catch bad guys and… And we're gonna see a little of that, uh, BTK, right? 'Cause that was- got- got laid in real subtle. My favorite thing was people who don't follow true crime and they would watch Mindhunter and they'd go, Who's the guy with the mustache? Really upset. And I'd be like, Mmm, it's BTK, I don't know. I knew it immediately, but whatever. Type in Wichita, Kansas and then serial killer and then go down another rabbit hole. Just keep going down those rabbit holes. Goodbye. When he got arrested, the- because he sent a floppy disk in in 2001… mm-hmm <affirmative>. Did you guys cover him? BTK? I think I did. A little bit. I can't remember. Did I? So, he- he sent in a floppy disk to the cops and he said, Do you- we- do you… Will you guys be able to pull up deleted files? And they said, No, we can't do that. And then they pulled up deleted files and they found him and they pulled him over and the cop said, uh, You know why I pulled you over? And Dennis Rader said, I have a pretty good idea. And- and that's the story. Oh, my God. What a creep! I cannot wait for Mindhunter and we were so… We thought of this, of having you, and then we were like, because it was truly, like, dream- the dream idea and the fact that you said, Yes, and that you're here with us tonight is so awesome. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Absolutely. So exciting. Thank you, guys, so much. Cameron Britton, everybody! Cameron Britton! Thank you. Thank you. Great to meet you. I really appreciate it, thank you. Yeah. Yay, celebrities. <laugh> He went straight up in the air. Oh my God. He has a lot of ballet training. We have another guest. We have one more guest. It's very exciting. It's Josh Mankiewicz from Dateline. Josh Mankiewicz from Dateline. Come on out here, sir. Come on out. We have to rehearse our cues. We're not good at this. Look, it's Josh Mankiewicz from Dateline. Josh Mankiewicz from Dateline. <laugh> Hello. Hello. I think I stood up to fast. No, it was good. Here, come sit here, let's pull our chairs back a little. You know, if you work for Dateline you dream about one day sitting in the chair that Ed Kemper sat in. Yeah. Um… The voice, you guys. It's Josh Mankiewicz's voice. Okay, all I'm gonna tell you about the voice is that, uh, when I started in this business, which was before either of you were born, um, um, I worked for a different network. I will not identify that network, but its initials are ABC. Oh. Uh, and they sent me, because I had this voice, they sent me to something like $50 to $100,000 worth of voice coaching lessons. Whoa. To get me- to get me to sound like every other announcer on the radio. And I did my absolute best. Um, but I- I tried but it didn't work. This is a voice I went in with, this is the voice I came out with. I love it. We're glad. It works for us. Yeah. Ju- now, you guys, Dateline, um, you guys have followers that have a name for themselves, right? Uh, we, uh- we've- you mean like Murderinos? Well, yeah, don't- isn't- don't- aren't there Dateline heads or something? Dateline? Uh, there's a- there on Twitter there's a- there's a- there's a group called Dateline Divas. Yes, that's it. Yeah, there- maybe some of them here today. Sure. Um, yeah, it's a, uh, it's a big community. Not tremendously unlike this one. Uh, uh, devoted and, uh, and they know all the details of the stories. Like, people come up to me in airports and they inevitably say two things. One is, they say, uh, I was watching Murder at the Crossroads and I fell asleep. What happened? I I I… Oh my God. You're just supposed to tell the rest of the case. Clearly I've put millions of Americans to sleep. Uh, it's that… It's the voice. Yeah, and they're out. Um, and the other this is they- they say to me, something that they saw, not on Dateline, but where Dateline gets repurposed on ID or- or one of the other channels that it runs on. And they say… They talk about a murder from, like, six or seven years ago. They go, Okay, um, what happened? The- the guy who killed his wife… I'm like, I'm gonna need a little more than that. Yeah, um, and then eventually we figure it out, but… I always think, when you guys are interviewing, um… Likes, you know how, sometimes, you interview the husband because he's claimed to- that he's innocent, that whole thing. Like, have you ever had an experience where you're interviewing one of those people and it's, like, creeping you out or you have to take a break or, like… You know they're full of shit in some way. Well, frequently you know that they're full of shit. But- but, uh, which we can't really say on Dateline. Um, but, uh, you know, first of all, uh, frequently, by the time we're talking to someone who's the accused murderer, they're either the accused murder, or, by the time we're talking to him, they're the convicted murderer. mm-hmm <affirmative>. Um, but, you know we try and talk to everybody in the story and everybody gets their- gets their say. That doesn't mean that I don't get to poke holes in- in whatever their defense was. But usually, by the time people are sitting across from me, they are on their best behavior because they're trying to, you know, this is all a big conspiracy my- you know, my- my wife's family is out to get me. Uh, I'm really not guilty. So, usually, they're not scary. Now, there was a guy last year, uh, in Montana whose girlfriend disappeared and has not been found. Yeah, shout out to Montana. All those- all those places to hide a body. Um, yeah. Yeah. Congratulations. Um, uh, and she's never been found and we were speaking with him and he was locked up at this point. And, he got very angry that I was questioning his version of events and he started yelling at me. <unk:Gasp> And normally they're shackled and normally, like, if we're on camera, like, right there is some big corrections officer, but, in this case, they were sort of out in the hall. And he wasn't actually shackle and I thought to myself, this guy's gonna kick my ass. 'Cause he's a lot bigger than I am. And a lot younger. Um, but, then he, I think realized that that was, uh, not was not gonna be the preferred part of the correctional experience. And he- he did not. And he calmed down and then he you got up and left and then we got him to come back and, you know, um, it ended up- it worked out okay. But, no, I mean- Turns out he was innocent. Creeped out, no. And- and, uh, right. And afraid for my safety probably only that one time, but most of the time, like, you're talking to somebody and you either know or believe that the story they're telling you is not true. But, you know, you're sort of more interested in the give and take of the interview. Yeah, you know. It is great when they think they're getting away with lying or, like, that they really are, Look, I'm so smart, I'm gonna convince you. Is there a case that's either your favorite or least favorite or the one you get asked about the most? The one I get asked about all the time is the murder of Tom and Jackie Hawks, right here in Southern California, off the coast by Newport. Um… Right. By, uh, I'm sure you know this, many of you know this story. Um, I- uh, a guy wanted to steal their boat. Uh, they'd put it up for sale and he- he persuaded them to take them- to take him out on a- on a, essentially a test drive. He brought along a friend of his who was a gang member that he hired off some corner, I think in Long Beach, and they… Yeah, again, shout out to LBC. And, uh… They know. The LBC knows who they are. And, um, uh, and they took him to the Gap to dress him in a way that made him look inoffensive. Yes. Uh, the Gap's not, like, a sponsor of yours, or anything? Yeah, it is. Pick up some socks this week three for five. So- so they- so they took this gang member to the Gap and then the- the- the- these- these people let him on the boat and they ended up paying for it in a horrible way. Um, and that's the story I get asked about all the time. And all the people involved, um, uh, they're locked up now. Oh, that's good. Yeah, that's so creepy. I hate those ones that are the cold case ones. What was your first, uh, can you remember the first one that you ever reported on? The first- the first murder? Yeah. Uh, Brianna Dennison in- in Reno, Nevada. I'm still in touch with mom, all these years later. Really? Whoa. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you know, you- you- you end up, and if you're doing this, or at least if you're doing it right, you end up, sort of… Uh, you- staying in touch with these people in your life because you spend a lot of time with them over a very short period of time and you end up becoming very close to them sort of as you talk about their story, because you're talking about, you know, the- the things they're never gonna get over. And there's this- this myth that- that, uh, locking people up is somehow, you know, it makes everything okay for the families. It doesn't. And, you know, so you end up getting much closer to thee people then- then maybe otherwise might. And, so, yeah I'm still in touch with a lot of these people and that was- that was a, uh, that was a terrible story. mm-hmm <affirmative>. Amazing. Like, all of them. And that was in- that was in, I think, 2006 / 2007. By which time, I'd already been at Dateline ten years. But we didn't start doing true crime until then. Yeah. Wow. Do you want to plug anything? What's coming up next? Well, let's see, I may- I have like three or four things in production right now. But I don't know when they're gonna be on the air. Are any of them with Mary J. Blige? No, none of them. Okay. I can't say. Okay, okay. No, you're right. You're right. Yeah, that would be inappropriate. Uh, um, this Friday is a great story in, uh, South Carolina, it's reported by Andrea Canning. The story that took place, I think in 2013, uh, in, like, two or three different trials, uh, and, you know, the stories that- that… I mean, at Dateline we always try and, sort of, draw a line in between the story, which is extremely sad and the storytelling which can be kind of fun. And, I mean, we don't say, uh, Here's a story about a a guy who was accused of killing his wife but it turned out to be the next door neighbor, now stick around for 59 minutes. Yeah. Right? We- we draw it out, as you know. So, uh, the hardest stories to tell are the ones in which the obvious suspect ends up being the guilty party. This is not one of those stories. Oh. There's a bunch of different places to go with the narrative and Andrea Canning does a great job with it. So that's this Friday on Dateline. Awesome. Cool. <unk:applause> Well, we've been Twitter friends with you for so long, I'm so glad we finally got you on. I'm so thrilled to be here. Thank you so much. And, you know, I fly around the country all the time doing these stories and- and now when I fly around the country I'm listening to the two of you. Oh, huh! What! Come on! You guys! Amazing! Thank you for being here. Thank you. Josh Mankiewicz, everyone. Josh Mankiewicz from Dateline, everybody! Thank you. Thanks so much. Thank you so much. Thank you. Yes. Happy Halloween him off the stage. Oh my God. You guys, we did it. We Halloweened. You got… I can't believe what an incredible audience you guys have been. You were triple the size we're used to talking to you and you were twice as quiet as any… I mean… I- in my mind, I was backstage telling Georgia, I was just like, Look, they're gonna be talking the entire time. You have to get ready for that. You need to be prepared. That's all I do to her. We'll start by telling them to shut up and we'll yell at them. I bet the bar lines were really long and everyone couldn't get shit-faced. Oh, that's right. Is that what happened? You went from… There's people in the front row going, That's fucking right. You owe me four drinks. They spend all their drink money on parking. So, that's not enough money to… We get it. Yeah, that's right. We owe you one. We should have snuck you a Coors Light. That's right. Dammit. So sorry. Um… You can go to the Yard House, all our friends are there. Um, so we really did start talking and became friends at this Halloween party and I- and we had talked all night and we were like let's meet for lunch I wanna talk to you more. We were talking about true crime and we met and talked for five hours at Cafe 101, you guys know that place. And they… They let you sit there for five hour and just keep drinking coffee. It's pretty chill. And, a little while later, I think, I texted you, Do you want to start a true crime podcast with me? 'Cause all I wanted to do was keep talking to Karen about true crime because I hadn't met anyone who was excited to talk about theories and favorite cases and, you know, all this horrible things- these things that happen that are so awful, but I felt like I could talk to her about it. So we started this podcast in my old, little apartment in, uh… 2016. Yeah, and little, and, uh, yeah, in Little Armenia and, n-now… In real Armenia. Yeah. It was- It was hard. a war-torn summer. And now, uh, we're downtown at the Microsoft Theater doing the largest fucking live podcast ever and I can't believe it. Unbelievable. Honestly, I- I'm blown away, we're so fucking honored and thrilled to be here and appreciate you guys so much showing up on Halloween and supporting us with this whole thing. It's incredible. We do, uh, spend a lot of time, uh, sp- in between trying to answer emails quickly, um, we spend a lot of time staring at each other going, What the fuck is going on? Um, and you guys have basically giving us this humongous gift. For some reason, it's like you were all just sitting there waiting f- for to have this conversation with us and you were there from day one. You've turned out, show after show, um, everything we- everything we do, you're so supportive and you're also creating communities with each other. And it is such a powerful thing to watch all of these people come together under the guise of true crime and actual raise money and make friends and deal with anxiety and do stuff that's such a hard thing to do alone and now you're not alone anymore. It's the fucking coolest thing. Yeah. And you're doing it. You guys are doing it for each other. Yeah. Thank you guys- It's amazing. for letting us do this. This is our dream job, thank you for being here and, uh… And we have to thank, um- Right. -we have to thank the Microsoft Theater, they made us a fuckin' rug among other things. Made us a rug. THey're so supportive and excited. There's a lot of, apparently, we- we've been told, Murderinos that work here, which is the coolest thing. Yeah. Uh, but we also have to thank our agent Joe Swartz. The first year of touring goes, What if you did a live show on Halloween. And we're like, Shut up. And, um, and then he was like, How about the Microsoft, 7,000 people. And we're like, Shut up. No, we were like no. No one will come. Why are you trying to set us up for failure all the time? Um. But he- but he did it. He convinced us to do it and you guys sold it out and, so, thank you Joe Swartz for letting us sass you constantly and for setting us these tours and these live shows. And thanks, you guys, for buying these tickets and making it a thing. We're so thrilled. That's right. Thank you- We're so thrilled. Stephen and to Vince for supporting us. Yes. I love it. Thanks you guys. Stay sexy. And? Don't get murdered. Bye! Bye! Thank you. 