Welcome to drinking bros presented by by black white milk coffee.com, put down the water in <inaudible> fucking drink. Welcome to drinking bros kids. Look, you've been staying in the last couple episodes and I'll say it again. We listened. We heard who your favorite most requested guests that you wanted on the show. And we did it. We did it. Well, we got four out of five. Um, we didn't get Regan still what? We're working on it. We're working on Joe Regan and give us some time. Uh, the next one up though, Is a man who killed bin Laden. Yeah. Its Rob Oneal. You guys have been asking for Rob Oneal forever. And truthfully we didn't know him. Uh, Matt. Uh, or Evan or, or, or Jared? Rocco. None of us. None of us really knew him. Um, I, I saw him at a concert one night and that was about it, but he was on stage like nowhere near me. I couldn't just say, Hey rob, it's ROb <inaudible> and come on the show. I couldn't do it. Instead you guys did it? Um, in particular there was a company named led by iron that's led B.Y.R.O.N.com. Uh, their, their response on Ross Patterson revolution, they're huge fans of drinking rose as well. And they said, hey man, we ran in Robin and event. I know everybody's been trying to get him on the show at Drinking Bros. How about we switch numbers and you guys can chat and get them on the show. We, we, we think it will be awesome. And I was like, holy shit, we'd love to have Rob on the show. That'd be amazing. um, so I, I want to give a special shout out to, uh, Josh Genes and Tyler Rainy over it led by iron.com. I also met, I love all your workout gear over there. Uh, if you want to peruse their catalog, do there. They're red fucking dudes, man. One's a paramedic. The other one's a firefighter there, 100 percent first responder owned and they make gym apparel that actually fits you. It's not all bulky and loose and if jacked as me right now, you need something like that. It's not getting away. So I, I genuinely want to say thank you to Josh and Tyler for putting us together and uh, and making this amazing interview happen tonight. This, this was for me and the rest of the guys like a dream come true, man. Uh, it was awesome. I mean, how many times do you get to talk to the guy who fired the first shots and actually took down Osama bin laden? Pretty fucking amazing. Uh, but first we have some sponsors who pay for this whole shit to be on the air. First step. We've got black rifle coffee.com. Oh yeah. It will be our cc for the holidays. The look the holidays are right around the corner. Kids were here at this point once November 1st hits. It's all, it's all over. You. gotta start buying for Christmas. Go to black rifle Coffee.com. Dear loved ones. Some, some bags of coffee, some K-cups, some apparel. So new mugs or just just some salt rock coasters. They got it all over it. Black rifle coffee.com. Coffee that is made a 100 percent by veteran hands. Oh yeah. So you know, it's good. It's a premium roast to order coffee. They make it fresh in house, then bag it up and ship it straight to you. Use the onetime promo code Drinking bros 20. That's Drinking bros 20 for 20 percent off. I Would highly recommend using that on the coffee club of the month program. We love our BRCC. Next up we've got strike force energy.com. OG homies. You know them real well after their last prank. I don't even know if it was a prank or it was real. I mean it's real because I see people drinking it online. They gave away 15000 packs for free. That's why you should follow them on Instagram and Facebook. They do shit like this all the time. Or just like, hey, just write your name in. Boom was saying some free strike force. Uh, in the meantime, if you haven't had this, get on the fucking strike force train. Kicked the can kids. You don't need the cans anymore. They've got 40 tasting flavors, orange original lemon and make America great again. They get a 10 pack of 40 pack in a 750 milliliter bottle, yet another one for the holiday season, but a little bottle of strike force underneath that tree this year. watch your family go bug fuck. Go to strike force energy.com. Type in the promo code Drinking bros as always for 20 percent off. You know, that's good. Every time. Not just one time, but every time. And they ship everywhere in the entire world. We get a lot of listeners over in, uh, Australia and England. Yes. Kids they shipped to you to strike force energy.com. Get on it's Drinking bros. Twenty percent off. Premier energy drink in the biz. Next time we get ghostbed.com forward slash Drinking bros. I love that they made over our own home, our own homepage. Who has that? No one Ghosted has done that for us. They've got, they've got new mattresses in house, those cooling mattresses over keeps me up about yo man, that's the fucking truth. Yes. Yes they are. So the cooling sheets and that adjustable base, by the way, whoever built that as a goddamn genius. It's got USB port in it senates, flashlights, all that shit because let's face it, your wife goes to sleep earlier, up in bed, reading your phone for like a good hour, hour and a half before that, that fucking Xanax kicks in before you go to Sleep. You might be be reading something on the ghost bed. They've also got the ghost pillows, which are nice wow. Go to ghostbed.dot com, forward slash Drinking bros and sleep. So good. It's scary. They have a pay as you go. Plan which nobody's offering, especially to this crowd. What I'm saying. So take advantage of that before it's gone. Uh, next up we got bison union dotcom. New to this and true this look, you know, hashtag Bert from TV. You know the brands, you know the company, uh, earn your food kids, be the bison. this is the finest apparel that you can make for dudes right now in this world. Uh, Bert Koontz and his wife Candice packed up bottle, bought a cabin in the woods and <inaudible>, fuck it. We're in for the long haul. We're going to make this the best god damn apparel company on the planets. Uh, you wear their hats, you're already wearing their belts. Now they get cowboy boots over there, um, and, and their tee shirts look, you see as the inner Instagram and Facebook wearing that shit all the time. We love them. And now they're a sponsor.Um And the beauty of it is you guys are the ones that asked for a promo code for bison union. Congratulations. You have it stricken bros. Twenty percent off, not a one time. Use it all the time. If you really want to load up for Christmas, go to bison union.com. Dude. You can buy everything on their goddamn sites, uh, with, with the 20 percent off who? That is a savings and um, that shit lasts forever, man. Great quality man. They really, really fucking doing it right over bison union.com. Again, promo code Drinking bros for 20 percent off. That's good for forever. So just keep gassing it over there. Next up, we've got real your ass off.com all. I feel like all of these sponsors are perfect for the holidays because these are gifts that you genuinely want. You need seasonings for thanksgiving, you need seasonings for that Turkey on Christmas day, you need seasonings year round, and let's face it, you're going to get them anyways. You're going to get the Lowery's at the story, going to get the Montreal steak seasoning. No, go buy it from a company that's 100 percent veteran owns. Go to grill your ass off.com. typing the promo code Drinking bros for 15 percent off. While you're there, grab that beef jerky that beef jerky is the finest I've ever had. No lie, man. I eat that shit all the time. Uh, I'm bulking but I'm lifting weights, eating jerky all day. I love it, man. That's sweet. And spicy is my jam. They got a four pack for $25 and uh, they also got some mugs over there is uh, some, some refreshing little beer mugs that me and my lady a drink out of a lot. Go to grill your ass off.com. Try crispy, spicy habanero. A blend. That's fucking amazing. Uh, again, grill your ass up.com. Promo code drinking bros 15 percent off. Last but not least, we've got grenades, soap.com. In coming grenades, soap.com. How do I love thee? Let me count the ways. No, let me snIff the ways. Why is it called grenade soap.com? Because it's shaped like a, like a grenade. What's the special ingredient? Gunpowder. Yes, that's real. There's real gunpowder inside each bar of soap. Dude. It acts like a fucking, just like an exfoliant. Like it's amazing. Uh, you, you rub your body with it. They've got a taint scrubber that comes with it. That's no lie. By the way, everybody keeps buying these taint. Scrubbers, <inaudible> season. Clean yourself up. Kids. Uh, you never know when you're going to take him a one night stand or a tinder date and she's going to flip you over and say, let me, let me go around to the back door and see who's cooking in and Denis kitchen grenade soap.com. Type in the promo code. Drinking bros for 20 percent off. They've got all the best bathing products for dudes that we actually smelling a dude and not your wife. Ladies and gentlemen, here's Rob O'Neill, <unk:> My Lone star, my lone stars. Ladies and gentlemen, this is a special day for drinking. Long awaited, long awaited. This Rob Oneal is here. You are the most requested guests. That's is very cool thing Three years, that's serious three years all they've asked is for you to come on the show. We said we would make it happen somehow some way. And you were here today. I was kinda waiting around till you guys got more followers. <crosstalk> We've been huge for a while. I know. I appreciate it. Seriously, it's great to be down here. Yeah, we should all think Ross for his service. Thank you Ross. Have a moment of silence for Ross's service in the <crosstalk> I think I <inaudible> four of us we know who the real hero is here. <crosstalk> The <inaudible> show up. Yeah, exactly.I too out my chef at olive garden wants. I Just pushed him out of the backdoor, made that, made it myself, made the chicken Palm myself a no Rob. Seriously, it is. It is an absolute honor and a pleasure to be here With all you guys, appreciate it. Very cool. Hell yeah. We're going to drink whiskey. Have fun and do, but stuff. I'm already up one free bottle of navy seal Columbia. Why did you make that, by the way? Why did I? We have the have idea. We were just. We were just hanging out.It's a wonderful idea. It was like we had a friend that had a bottling company that was able to just test fragrances and stuff. You know Rocco, Rocco, you going to cologne guy? He's like, yeah, I do. Yeah, of course. Rock. So we got the prices back on it and it was like super easy to do to run 500 bottles and so we were just like, let's just do it like and we had Gary do this logo out. It's just ridiculous and funny and it means it's just like, oh, let's be. Are you selling it anymore now? No No. It was a limited edition guy anymore now. But really the full reason for that was, is I wanted to make one of those fake Calvin Klein commercials with the whispering in the black and white And just make it all about <crosstalk> <inaudible> Parachute merit time <inaudible>. So It's just like when we got the sample bottles back, I took a, uh, I was on the range with apaches and there is an apache hovering right by me, so I just took a slow mo video and played the team America song while holding the navy seal and posted that and it went crazy. Like this is going to be available. So it was like, all right, I guess we're running now. Yeah. Oh man. Have you ever seen when I did with that, I did It was <inaudible> the girl and I'm like, I'm arranger. And she's like, cool bro. Then I blow out the navy seal and, and then she's like, this hardcore sex- <crosstalk> just goes straight to my mom didn't like that commercial side. And rightfully so. But that's funny. My mom keeps playing it like over and over and over again. Oh, well that's because your mom and I have a special relationship. What do you do? Special? Um, we insert things. In hee atm. Oh, Rob if you've seen Jerrod's mom is. She's kind of shocking. We're like really ship, really well put together. Super cute lays out by the pool. Very tan and the way her tan lines pop off of her skin. Oh god. Oh baby tan lines put down. Just a peek. Yeah. Stop it. Big tan like guy. My dad was in the navy 29 years Oh well he was in the Parchie. What kind of <inaudible> Its a spooked boat. Yeah. Yeah. Um, those are, those are tough. Those. Have you been on sub? Well yeah, not, not, not out to- I was a jersey Mike's the last time I was in the sub <crosstalk> Not the same type of service again. That's food- Different service all together that I was in. Where were you living now? I'm in between Dallas and New York city. Fucking cool. Yeah. I travel quite a bit. I'm on a, I'm on the road doing a lot of speed speaking, a lot of stuff for my foundation, which you're a grateful nation. I'll transition and special operators to private sector. So a lot of. What was the name again? You're a grateful nation. You're a grateful nation <inaudible> and you're a grateful nation.org. And we, um, yeah, we, we take guys from right now special forces into the private sector because they have a lot of skills that they don't know they have that a lot of, a lot of companies want that they learned in the military how to lead, be lead stress management, loyalty and we put them through a nine month, um, mentorship program and then in any industry they want and to get, to get the interim charge of major projects. So a lot, a lot of time on the road with 10 and a how much it costs to run a foundation am <inaudible> Its crazy right? Yeah yeah <inaudible> Jerry's wife actually wanted him in the loyalty program. <crosstalk> God he is on secondary <crosstalk> Oh yeah. Legs cut off of that one. No am totally kidding. Do you enjoy public speaking? I love it. It's true because you are getting it's kind of a rush to get in front of people. I like to see a try out new material. A lot of jokes in there, a lot of military type jokes that the corporate people don't think jokes and so it's funny to see their reactions get on stage. Like in the first 30 seconds, drop an F bomb just so that, like, what did he just say? Like in a, what's that movie where he's assuming the wedding song drops fucking in the middle of it, Um, old, old, old school. Yeah. Yeah. I Fucking need it now now- And fucking looking at they say fucking needs now and its kind of sets the tone yeah its fun speaking in front of people It's a, <inaudible> crowds are different. They've always been good and it just, it just fun to their reactions because they don't expect a joke. They want some, a lot of, a lot of speakers, military speakers get up there and there are a lot of them are tough guys and they speak tough guy and very clinical and they intimidates, I want my people to have fun. So we have, uh, we have fun with them. I think it's a great take on it. You guys are actually everyone but here other than me is phenomenal and speaking Jared great at Ross is great at it. I fucking hate speaking to people I mean Ross <inaudible> MGM grand- I will analyze it <inaudible> some shit, but paralysis. That's good. But I've seen seen you do some speaking stuff and it's fucking pretty cool. Thank you. Well, I learned the key to public speaking is three strong drinks, not four, not two. Three of them get the three gauge that drink or we talking three to three fingers, of course Yeah. <inaudible> got to be a- Depend which finger because this Is a little See I refused to drink uh, before the national anthem because I'm terrified. I'm going to forget the words. <crosstalk> Back through your voice and you shouldn't drinking. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Rob, if I can, I want to. I'm going to share a story with the audience. It was the first time I saw you. Uh, you're not going to remember me obviously, but um, I'm in Columbus, Ohio for a rolling stones concert. Yes. I remember that- You were in the crowd though. There 70000 people there, but I row <crosstalk> i was right there. And a kid rock is opening up for the rolling stones. He stops the show mid set and he goes, ladies, gentlemen, I want you to raise a fucking beer man who killed Osama bin laden. And then you he introduce the Rob Oneal. You come out on stage. people lost their fucking mind. He was putting myself. <crosstalk> This is America. Yeah. Yeah. Um, yeah, like that, that the navy seal, cologne and shakes his panty droppers, man, he asked me, because he's a buddy of mine. He asked me if he could, um, playing American bad ass and they played the national anthem in the middle and said, you want to come out and check it out. I'll tell you what, if you haven't been on stage for where the stones are about to play, that's a lot of people be like looking at wow, how crazy- it was <inaudible> a point anywhere. And then 7000 hands go up and see. It's like mind control. It's so cool. But it's surreal. It's like the first time you jumped out of a plane, like it's not that big. You just kind of take it a in. Yeah. The, the, the interesting part about it, and I'm not saying this just because you're on the show, is you have kid rock, you have the rolling stones and the crowd goes crazy. They went bananas for you I don't know if you stayed for the stone show, or if you bounce stuff. I know we did. We stayed there. We had some guys up there with some families When you came out on stage. I mean it was crazy. That was the loudest. It was all night and that was just like, holy shit. That was me, it was neat. And when I went home like is my buddies were like, dude that was the show like It was like, it was rad, but like the dude who killed Bin Laden came out like, holy fucking shit. It was amazing, It was cool. Did you ever see yourself there? I mean, No, God, no, no. It's crazy, right? Because I think that, uh, you know, being a fucking amazing quote that I love is there's difference between quite professional, silent professional, but I mean, I can't imagine in so many years that you served and then doing such a public event in such a private culture that there is no way you could keep that under wraps There was no way we, we, um, well, what's my plan, my plan? Well, I mean, you know, there's never a perfect plan always changes. My plan was to, uh, 30 years in the navy, uh, and as a, as a master chief buds instructor and retiring California, smoke cigars and the beach, that's, that's the plan. And then we got called for the Bin Laden raid and even training for that. It's like, well, I'm not going to get the shot, but we joke with each other about who is like, he's gonna get on a fucking slide, being the guy named <inaudible> and my buddy with <inaudible> the going to take them down. That's what's going to happen The bp, the bp <inaudible> guys is like go go go Kill the fucking junior guy. Yeah, yeah, exactly. So, you know, every senior guys, like I'm the first indoor bitches. We got that one when we got done with them mission, I mean even guys in the helicopter and knew what happened and as we're flying back and when we landed, the mechanics from TF 160 knew what happened. They're all pointing at me. It's like getting God forbid to get back to Virginia Beach and 16 hours and every one of the goddamn city knows. It's like, did you go that quick back to. Yeah, we, we, uh, yeah, we, we got back, you know, the 90 minute flight out to jay bad. Yep. Then we put them on a C130, flew up to <inaudible> then we laid out all the, all the SSC stuff. So you know, who was where, what was in the house, laying it out. They got the body there, they're doing the DNA. And then when we got the news on and they're talking about it already, then the president comes out and then we actually tried to find. We wanted to find a, the navy sea bees because if anyone's going to have a pizza oven and a bunch of brown liquor, it's going to be them.Sea bees know how they <crosstalk> got it. So, um, yeah, we went there, showered up, hung out. We got on the internet and it's all over new seal team six is killed bin laden. Then we got on a plane and flew and so, you know, fifteen, 16 hours back. By that I mean there were people waiting for us when we got there, like everyone knew what happened. Everyone knew cause everyone on both coasts, because you've got to seal teams in Virginia Beach and then <inaudible>. Every single seal gets asked who got him and he'd say, well don't tell anybody but, and then that friend told the bartender appeaser over at the ready room in Virginia, <inaudible> that by the way, is the most accurate video. I've Seen it for the whole machine <inaudible> <crosstalk> ask you <crosstalk> Rob <inaudible> funnier dice. That's how it went down. It really was. Yeah. That's basically what happened. I got a little trouble for that. Does he know? Does Rob Niggle known? Yeah, I met him. I think he kissed me on the mouth when I met him at a Superbowl party. <inaudible> not that, Hey, whatever.So question for you just because we share similar backgrounds, if know far more claim service in your end, but the, Is it different, right. I, I'm trying to put myself in that perspective. I've shot enough people in my day, but I'm like, is it different when it's such a high profile individual? Pretty much America has been hunting this motherfucker here over a decade and you get a fucking dry dirt nap this fuck. Is it? Is it so rewarding or is it like, or is it the immediate sense? Fuck the fallout. That is the first thing. When I shot him, then I did a few things in the room. Then it hit me and I, I my, my, one of my first thoughts was, oh my god, is this the worst thing I've ever done? Or just the best thing I've ever done this, this, this is unchartered shit here. And I saw what happened to one of my friends who was the lead sniper that initiated the fire to rescue Richard Phillips. One of my best friends captain Phillips, yeah. Um, he led the, he'd lead the, the fire, and that was our job, wasn't to go kill those guys. We had snipers down for security. He saw someone safe, initiated the fire, the other snipers reacted and they all shot. But he, which you were, he got a lot. I was there, but I wasn't down in the shooting. I was one of the assault team members. But because he initiated the fire, that was the biggest mission we'd ever done. He was getting shit from his bosses, like they were pissing him because that close to something that big and they didn't get a shot. But he did. It's, it's a weird. It's a weird sense that starts going down. So I knew, I knew when that happened, when I showed up in <inaudible> oh mean this is not only is there going to be blow back, but someone's going to find out who I am and they're going to come after me now. Not, not navy. I'm talking <inaudible> over that now that paranoid- Am not over it. It's just, um, it's a realization that it's, it, it, it's there. I mean, is there, you'd never even even even sub The enemy threat, like with, with everything went down with Chris kyle, all of us this in the back of our right now we have to it could be one of our fucking own that just wants a few minutes. Some weird. Yeah. Wants to be, wants to be the one that I'm a there is worry there With a threat though, It's you need to be aware that they want. We're all targets, not just us, but I'm talking like they're not going to wait for me to walk out of fox news by myself walking quickly when they can go a block up and hit times square with whatever they got. Sure. Like if they're waiting with a gun, they're going to kill 30 people instead of waiting to try to find me. So. But the threats there. Yeah. Um, and you know, so guns, dogs, cameras, security systems, sometimes armed security, but you do what you do. I agree in mildly disagree that I think that yes, you have soft targets where you could get the most mass casualty, which is national news. But then there's also, I think the same way of like shooting such high profile people been lawn like because I'm a fucking nobody. But I think about that and that's why I take such big security measures in my own life is because I'm a fucking douche bag on the internet. But motherfuckers went, I mean I make fucking <inaudible> <inaudible> <crosstalk> national security, very true. There's a reason I sleep with night vision and the suppressed fucking AR and armor and we got to fucking sleep <inaudible> I sleep with a pillow under my guns. <crosstalk> So I didn't know how to make that up. But I can take. I'll take credit for that matter. All jokes or recycling- Am sure somebody else took credit for sure <crosstalk> <crosstalk>. To that door though. Were you just tickled? Just like. No, the going up, we going up to the house was awesome because like my guys are already inside because they crashed and we're outside so they're already in there in the fight. We didn't know they crashed. We just know they're in there because there's a lot of shooting going on. So when I got innocent, so just looking at it's like, oh this is fucking cool, that's been Alonzo's house, that's more of that feeling and it's going to blow up tonight and we're all gonna die. I'm going to take this in. But then going into the last set of stairs, like everyone did such a great job. Nobody was afraid even though there should be IDs is everywhere in the house of course. There's one guy in front of me, I'm behind him and we know Bin Lan is going to be up there and that's where the suicide bombers have got to be. So it wasn't even a let's go get them. It was more of I'm fucking tired of thinking about this man. Let's go to. Two of us went up and it was a, It turned into a surreal, followed by frozen, followed by shit. We might live to the fuck out. I know There's, there's speak of that in the book and our actually really want to get to know you more on a personal level. Not speak about one fucking day of your whole entire life because it doesn't define you. I don't think I think it's just- Appreciate that. Absolutely man, I, I, you know, I have a decent amount of friends, but obviously with my background, <inaudible> background, we all know that like you can define yourself by one absolutely terrible or great moment your life, but like you're so much more than that. But obviously I'm sure the listeners want some details like, so. Oh yeah. Which is funny, right? And I think that's when people say thank you for your service. I think that's really it. It's a blanket statement, but that's, that thought that you put through your head like, yeah, I'm going to fucking die because they think a lot of us had been in that position. Like, oh yeah of course we're going to die when it comes. You've walked into buildings and they've wired cell phones to fucking, you know, initiate an IED and just dump the platoon. Like it's, it's standard walking down a choke point and it's, we're going to put it there and we're all shit. All shit can. But. So did you. Were you like walking up there going, I know this is going to be an engagement with set individual or was it like, did santa come like <crosstalk> It was, it was, It was, we're going to blow up and it's almost a question of how fast do I go to avoid it or do I get right on top and beat it? What do we. Because the guy in front of his brain and he, he took the dump on the, uh, turned out to be women that he thought were invest. He just want tackled them. So he's taken it to and I just turned. So he thought they were going to initiate <crosstalk> so he just sang <crosstalk>. He killed his son on the way up the stairs, kill <inaudible> on the stairs, and then we went up. I was like eight guys back when I got to watch that go down. That was one of the coolest things I've ever seen. How he just whispered to <inaudible> and he came out and the kid peaked his head up. I mean, that was just a very, very smart operator. Knowing if I stay calm, don't freak him out. Maybe I can confuse him. Maybe he'll come look at me and he did and he said, come here in two different languages. He knew <inaudible> spoke, he roll down the stairs. He just died right there. He was like, oh, behind a banister on like a big stair that's in the middle of it. That's what someone calls big dick energy. Yeah. <crosstalk> What's up? Boom that was bad epic.And so I was acres back still in the training and we went up the stairs and they all split off to clear the rooms on the left and right. And then left me in the appointment and then we'll kind of just standing there and he said something goofy like, uh, these bitches is getting trucking or some. There was something weird where I said, I don't think that word means what you think it means. Like our last joke. Yeah. It gets squeezed. We're going to go up and blow up now. And that's, that's kinda how it went down. It was never, it wasn't going to be planned for him, him, he and I. It's just, that's how it came down. Did he communicate anything before the initial shots went off or it was just like, oh, He was. He was he wanted to go up the stairs because he thought we could beat him. He's like, they're putting on vests. We weren't really talking, but he, he really wanted to go and I, I wanted two more guys. I want a four more guys. I'll take two. But he was saying, he said, come on, come on. He knew it was one of his guys, not me. It's one of my guys on my shoulder to men. He said we got to go. So you go up there, <inaudible> Violence of action, right? You got to beat the fucking. That's it. Yeah. Yeah. We're a story in my whole entire life is because we waited too long and we let them prep. That's exactly. Last cow. Yes. Shitty shitty fucking day. Yeah. Sometimes you got to get an course. So when you, when you roll up in there, did you, was there any reaction from like bin laden or was it just like a fucking deer in headlights like- it was, it was closer to deer in the headlights, but he was moving toward me with his wife in front of him and he was 64 and she was not, and it's an easy shot from. He was three or four feet away, but just I remember seeing him. I can see it right now if I want to. And uh, you know, we're in the white skirt and the scars, the white cLothes was <crosstalk>, Yeah, yeah it was dark yeah. And then I could just, I could, I could recognize his notes. Um, that's his nose is. I was surprised at how short his beard was, but it was gray. He was wearing his white hat.Tall, skinny old, but he's moving towards me. He's not surrendering. If you know a guy, that high profile has about a second to convince me not to kill hi. And he didn't do it and I blast them. And then it's one of those feelings. I'm sure you can. I hope we can agree, Matt, like when you're in a situation and someone's not a threatening kind of just feel it. Right. So his wife was not, she's not wearing a vest I could just tell. So I moved here and he's dying at the foot of his bed. I could hear him take his last breath and that's when other seal started coming in the room and his two year old son was there and I picked him up because as father, I'm thinking this poor kid has nothing to do with this and it just watches his dad get blast in front of him. So I put him down and that's when other seals were in there and that's when it sort of hit me and one of my guys was happy just being a typical operator finding like, hey man, you good? I said, no, what do we do now? We said now find the computer's bro we do this every night. And I'm like, you're right. Holy shit. <inaudible> So you just killed in <inaudible> let's get back to the work you can dare men. That's crazy on that. On that ride back, did it ever set into you, because I'm sure being in the military, this is your dream kill. It doesn't get any bigger. It was, but it was. It was going to be delta. It was never going to be me certainly or it's going to be senior guys from my command, but it's not me. And then, and again it's not me, it's the team. The entire team did it. Everything from the analyst to the pilots of the air crew, but I took the shots so on the way back the that what a small world that is. I'm actually laying on top of the sniper who initiated the fire for captain Phillips. I'm actually laying on him as it can be crowded cause you had other guys from the seal team on there. They came in under squad room to get us and I mentioned that he had been taken a lot of shit for what he did for captain Phillips and every time he did I will go to him with a can of Copenhagen and say, take a dip for me. Your hero. Don't listen to the negativity. Don't listen to the haters and I do that all the time and I'm laying on top of him, might not still down and I see this Copenhagen come up and he goes here now you can take one of mine because you know how it feels like <crosstalk> and then a, the guy next to me, he's another seal from team six from manhattan and he asked me the question who got them and I said, shit, I think I did. And he said on behalf of my family, thank you, and was like Jesus. Wow. Yeah, it's interesting you say that and like, and, and not to get too peel on your back too much but like the criticism on people coming out and telling stories of heroism has always kind of perplexed me. I think that there are these stories that have to be told and guys that have fucking spent decades in war and it's not a fucking easy job. There's a reason why. Like I said that, thank you for your service thing earlier in life, limb fucking everything. These are guys that are willing to go out there and run at not only a known threat but prominent death. Oh, like, you know you're going to fucking die and, and, and, and I think that we often too often criticize her own for being a little public with that information as long as there's not TTPS and SNPS. That's exactly right. Fuck with guys and, and, and the continuation of the mission. Like why not tell these stories because you know, I know a lot of guys back in world war two and Vietnam that they probably wish they could have fucking told the stories of heroism of their friends that were doing these epic things in the name of the fight that America voted for.This your point here in this was a big complaint and almost an argument I got into days before I left active duty with leadership inside the air combat command because I, I raised my hand when they come around and do the dog and pony show with someone from headquarters air force. And they're like, who has questions? I go, when are we getting a MO recipient? and the answer from them is we don't do things for the metals and I go, yeah, that's great, but we need people to be recognized for the things that they did. So these young guys all in this room know who to strive to be and be like. Because when I came in, uh, in 2003, that was right after the first wave of silver stars and air force cross got award to the guys on Robert's Ridge and talker Gar. It's right. So me as a young guy, I was reading citations of guys. I was like, just had this god complex for that was like, these guys are fucking bad assets and we had this gap from like 2009 in our community where we just weren't recognizing anybody for anything. It wasn't that we stopped doing anything. It's just people's, you know, people in the higher ups and things like that stop rewarding guys For things that they do because it's a jealousy thing. It's a fucking. A lot of jealousy. Yeah. It's all ego. right? And I mean that's. I joined the army to be orange because black hawk down, especially to unit guys that were, you know, gay fucking died in and knew they were going to like, I was like, that's where I want to be in life. I want to be one of those guys and I don't give a fuck if I die in my twenties because I want to be someone that is like a legend and respected and you know, life takes its course. But I think it's super inappropriate and unfair for people to judge at that level, especially When they've never put the fucking boots on and done the work. So it's my one little thing I want to interject in there as I fucking hate it when I see our community eat our own. Oh man, that happens to- No fuck, trust me, I know I'm a, you know. And all I do is make fucking dumb youtube videos <inaudible>. You're like, eat me for fucking having a career. Like everybody just needs to chill out and realize that like we're fucking a community and a family and we have to like be better together. And the only way that happens is if we come together as one, <inaudible> telling the story to like with my book, I got it approved through the DOD pentagon. How long did it take? <crosstalk> <inaudible> Mine took like nine months. I think they wanted <inaudible> like this is crazy but as long as like you said you're not giving up TTPS or putting anyone in harm's way. The story should be told. And I'm happy with mine. Like I, I have a platform now where I can tell people I didn't have the most dangerous job in the military. It's the soldier in the marine, the airman that are walking through minefields in, in the daytime, in Kandahar. Yeah. That's the dangerous job. And no one hears their stories. So that needs to be a platform for people after doing it. I'm pretty sure we're happy, uh, that George Washington brought a biographer with them when he fought the hessians in the revolutionary war. I'm glad we know what happened at <inaudible>. I'm glad we know what happened on Normandy. The stories need to be told like it or not. Sounds like it's not like, my <inaudible> personally, I've never taken credit for been lone and I'm just telling you what happened on the stairs. Sure. <crosstalk> the guy in front of me. Somebody else did though. Somebody else tried to take credit for that, right? Yeah. Well sort of, um, uh, he, uh, there was a book, no easy day that was written. Correct. And it's, I, again, everyone on that mission that put their butts in the seat, risk their life they're all here. Fuck yeah. And, and a colleague of mine wrote a book and I don't, he was behind me. I don't know that's, it's a fog of war. It's a lot of emotion and stuff like that. But as far as I know, he never said he killed Bin Laden he said he shot bin laden. Yeah. Yeah, he did. <crosstalk> I read the book. He said, uh, someone else got him first and then two people Came in afterwards while he was gasping for breath and they ended it. So they shot him afterwards in the book. Okay. Um, and, I don't know what happened back when I saw Bin Laden he was standing on his feet and I shot him three times, he was on his feet again. They're all heroes and the team did the mission, the pilot that crashed, landed and saved everyone's lives in dash one. He's the hero. I'm a guy. That one upstairs. I was scared and I just knew the tactics. You don't want to let you <crosstalk> in my response to that. Coming from a direct action community would be like let's all sit at the table and drink a glass of whiskey because everybody devoted their lives to get that. That's such a fucking specialized fucking unit and participate in no fucking like more threat situation. Maybe because I come from the community where we're the insurance policy that it's more of the, like if my teammate killed somebody <crosstalk> i grab him in that position, I fight, it'd be like, yeah, <crosstalk> what my team <inaudible> when I saw out there there was we got in a fucking ambush, we end up shooting like fucking 11 people or whatever. And him and I in an AR got after it. I was like, no, I dumped that guy. And he's like, no, no. I shot him and we like went back and forth and they were like, he's dead guy.oh yeah, he didn't kill any other guy so one of us did the job <inaudible> On the mission to the bin laden raid. We brought only seals. So we're like, we don't have our air force. If someone gets shot or we need to call cast, you're fucked. I know how to carry a sledge hammer. That's the baddest tactical I did. oh, well I know all the guys that were on the, uh, the Phillips red <crosstalk> On the Phillips <inaudible>. Can you clear something up? Sure did. Did he actually say, look at me. I'm the captain now. I don't know that's a great. <crosstalk> I've got a good one for you on this. I sat next to the play on a plane next to a guy that had just gotten out of prison and he was the barber in the prison that. That guy's act, the captain. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and he said like, he is so salty and still to this day trying to fight that he didn't get any money from the movie. No way, he said every time he cut his hair, that's all that motherfucker talked about was how much he got screwed over to have no money from the movie already. Oh, the, the actual pirate. The pirate. The pirate. Pirate wanted money.They wanted money for the movie Oh yeah that's not hoe it works I know your life in prison. Yeah I know And you are like, where's my money? That's my likeness, bro. I want to share a <crosstalk> you are just a criminal That's a fascinating story from that dude like he was like a, you were the prison, Barbara. God, you probably got the best stories ever because I've got the best of the best. Listen to this. Uh, that's great. Um, one other thing, Rob, that I wanted to touch on, we can move on from the bin laden thing. like I said, we don't have to talk about this all all day is we obviously have a lot of, uh, military veterans on the show. There's a common theme that we found in particular among this generation. It says the same thing. Why are we always ask the same question? Why did you decide to get into the military? 99 percent of the time. It's nine 11. Nine 11 was, was what, why we got into the military and then you kill the guy who was responsible for nine 11. Uh, does that feel like winning the lottery or do you like. Well, I, I didn't, I joined. Should they pray to you <crosstalk> That's another thing too that, that because we had the controversial dumping the body in the ocean because the thing was they didn't want to make a shrine to bin laden that they could worship, but they didn't get to realize these are well hobbyists. They're not allowed to worship anything but a lot. That's why you can't depict Mohammed because they're worried it's a false idol. So they never would've done that. So that's kind of funny, but, but no, no one, no one prays me I hope God no. Yeah. Well, hell express ticket. Exactly. If you have Rob on Snapchat, please send him your prayers for the next couple of weeks. It weird that you become the Guy who. I mean because let's face it, even today in today's world of bad guys, there isn't. There still isn't anybody as big as that. I can't remember. I mean, over time Hitler <inaudible> Latin. I know the best, I'm saying like, you were the one who got <crosstalk> Nobody ever got the one shot. I joined Uh, I before 9:11. I joined in 1995. Did you go straight to the teams? Yeah, I did. I did. I went to bootCamp in January, 96 and I graduated budge by December of 96. That sounds really cold. And uh, uh, well I went to buds in April, so I had a summer hell week, which is better. It's still the pacific cold all the time. But summer hell week is better at. Yeah. You know, you ever go up to santa <inaudible> when <inaudible> a little bit. Yeah yeah What a race, that's outstanding I can tell <inaudible> you know bro vibe and And then did an awesome youtube videos. So yeah, but then I wasn't. I was on my third deployment on nine 11. I was in Germany. We just got done in Kosovo. And we all we knew is everything just changed like we're. No, no more. No more you comes where we can go party in Lithuania hanging out in Norway. It's like we're, It's done right. We're going to the mountains and the desert. That's about it from that one man. Imagine if you tell <inaudible> back freaking how many years is that's? I was in seventh, seventh I was 15 years from Bin launch thing. Yeah fifteen years back to a port back and be like, hey, in 15 years <crosstalk> badass. We had heard about him when we like the first deployment I did, I just finished sniper school. We went to Albania because there's a big exercise and Bin Laden said, will have a car right there we will try to hit this so we're going to try to hit this. So we're doing sniper coverage for them. You know, not a high threat. But I remember hearing Bin Laden name, knowing who <inaudible> was way before nine 11. I just think at this guy, this guy. Then all of a sudden nine 11 then. And then again, like I said, it's, it's the guys from team six or delta or, or, or, or, or someone that's going to go get him. It's cool that I'm, we're trying to invent new tactics to see how we're going to jump in to that cave complex with 50 fighters or whatever its he's never going to be a mission to a house in a resort town on stealth helicopters. Yeah. Not in America. <crosstalk> That was cool though. Those helicopters were bad ass. They actually authorized me to, to mention them too in the, in the book so I could talk about them. But it was- That was where I was going to ask you the second <crosstalk> To cut this I was like I wasn't to know all of that- Because its like outfit. You <inaudible> right? Yeah. Or age 60. It was just because we went out to Nevada. I'm not allowed to talk about that, I was in area fifty one, We was saw them because we were convinced we're going to get shot down and I was like, we were, we would planning around this planning table and I've talked to the guys like guys and me of all people saying we need to take this more serious, like we're, this is a one way mission. And so they kinda got all calm, and then we flew out to wherever and we came out of a hanger and saw these things And I saw <inaudible>, and its the first time you've ever seen it? Anyone seen him and Holy shit. And I said, wow, this is a. I guess it's 90 percent. We might not get shut down because I didn't know we were going to go to war and a transformer. <crosstalk> The first thought like we actually do have shit that we kept secret and then we kept the secret. No kidding, God bless America now and- Say it, can you <inaudible> its area 51 so it rhymes with it. I know where it is, But when, we, we're two minutes out to Bin Leiden's house and like we opened the will, the aircrew. Thank God they were there. The army, who knew how to open the fucking door, we never would have figured it out. <inaudible> You look, you look down and just like you got a resort town. I know there's a golf course behind us and it's like a, It's not, it's not like going to a house in town and <inaudible> I don't care if there is old town I just remember thinking, man, this is some serious navy seal shit. We're about to do we are fading a town. I read books about this. I'm fucking doing it. All right. I heard I can <inaudible> for 500 pounds So you guys have any obviously we were looking, was there any <inaudible>. No, because one of the things that sort of eased our mind was most of their weapons are looking towards India. Really? No one's going to invent from Afghanistan. I mean is the thoughts there, but then again, what does me worrying about a missile going to stop the missile? <inaudible> <inaudible> You just going to be like pip, Game over, dead .Were they more reluctant on just the secrecy of not knowing where he was, What we didn't want to tell the Pakistanis is that so, cause one of the choices was a unilateral, multilateral op with Pakistan.There is no way that works. You tell they'll go get him. They are taking him out somewhere else. Yeah. Not taking them out, but like moving him. Yeah, of course. So when you get back to United States in how long you do stay a as a navy seal before you ended up getting. Well, we had a bunch of stuff go down, um, in the aftermath because it turned into a big dog and pony show. Everybody wants to see the guys that did it. Everybody wanTs to meet him. That was weird for us because we, we're trying. We were low key, believe it or not. And then we started making moves. But um, but then in August, um, extortion, one seven was shot down. So that's, you know, we killed Bin Laden may and August, we lose 31 Americans to include the dog. And I'm never planning funerals. And then we lost an entire troop that you can't replace that experience. So I'm- You fucking heroes did this. Oh yeah <crosstalk> .That's a huge Blow <crosstalk> arrangers were in a fight and they went in and they said they put all fifth and 50, all 31 guys on one bird because they said dashed too is going to get shut down dash one might not. So we're going to roll the dice and that just sucks. It happened. And then we had to replace an entire troop. So I, I, I was a team leader. I wanted to move to another squad so I can get right to Afghanistan because I knew I was going to get out in January, but I extended to August. Just sort of a kind of try to like, uh, an offering. I'm saying, look, I'm not getting out because of this. I'm going to go to war one more time, but I am getting out in August so I'm going to go to war one more time. So I did that. And then I got on terminal leave and realized I don't know what the hell I'm going to do now. That's why I founded you're grateful nation because in that six months I realized, well, not everyone can get out and sell hats and people are gonna buy them and, and believe it or not, just because you're a seal, they're not going to hire you either, even though we all think they will because we're entitled because why wouldn't we be? <crosstalk> Its the <inaudible> Yeah so the, it was before. Um, I didn't do 20. I did almost 17 and uh, but it's time, it's time to get out, you know? Sure. And I guess where I'm going with this, after that is when you kill the most, the biggest high profile person in the world, The only super villain. How do you Come down? Right? I'm going to start <inaudible> from now. He is the only one <crosstalk> That doesn't the rest of life seem boring at that. No, it's good. I'm good. Um, I was like, I'll take that question. Np, like the adrenaline thing. I'm over it. My very last mission was my first hell ambush, which should be awesome because all ambush is like the second thing you learn when you join the <crosstalk> You can get more basic tactics. Yeah. And that's what you doing <crosstalk> but we are getting shot at. We're killing them and uh, no adrenaline. I'm like, I got, if I'm not getting adrenaline, I got to get out. I'm going to get complacent. I'm going to, I'm going to have someone shoot at me. I'm going to walk up to them assuming I'm going to shoot them. I'm going to get blasted. I got it's time to leave. So the adrenaline thing, I'm good. Um, I am a Washington redskins fan, so I get enough of that. Especially with Alex Smith as your quarterback. You know is- Five yards out <crosstalk>. Um, cousins is having a big year. I wish, I dunno. Whatever. They got agent Peterson. He's doing well. I'm held to the reds. I'm a fan of cousins. Yeah, he's, he's good. He's should have kept good. He's good. Yeah. I can see that perspective, right? where there's a certain like I think I'm good and, but, but the cool part about that is like what you're doing post all of this and not trying to be a family or anything. I just like I'm super respect guys that have these crazy experiences in life and then are you trying to use their shit days and all this other stuff to like provide for other people in the community that need it- The <inaudible> be more awareness about the veteran community and that people aren't fucked up. There's guys out there like you that know 17 years and they fucking teams and you're like a go getter. You're an inspired, you are an educator. Like those are the people that I want the veteran community be like associated with not this fucking pill popping. That's exactly what I'm saying. Bushtit cause like, yes, there are some people out there and there's some bad eggs and there's a lot of guys that have issues, but the only way we fix those issues if we bring the whole country together to focus on fixing these guys. A lot of these companies that we've sent veterans, two are at first surprised that they're not getting some PTSD, crazy guy that's going to shoot the place up they are getting the guy that has an NBA and that's the narrative. That's the narratIve that we've heard that we fucking sit in fortune 500 meetings and the narrative is, well, we tend not to hire veterans because everybody's afraid that they're going to shoot the place up The opposite You fucking kidding me? These guys have NBAs and DAs, and they're fucking crushing business. And to your point about speaking about leadership, these guys have fucking lead either a team, a squad platoon in fucking combat, the most complex dynamic environment in the fucking world. You don't think that they can manage some HR issues.Get the fuck out here bro. And that's a whole thing too, Like if the perfect plan that you came with is working, something's wrong. You can combat one of the rules that anything you do can get you killed, including nothing. So being able to adjust in the fluid environment like you're saying, they can do this now and no one's shooting at them, they're going to be just fine, but the, a lot of employers need to see that and it's working 100 percent and I think guys like you and a lot of other people in the community are hopefully bring that awareness and am about it. What was the coolest experience you had when you got back from America and everybody knew that it was you? I fucking <inaudible> landed Yeah yeah <inaudible> that video <crosstalk> That was sent to me, we got uh, we did get leave after the Bin Laden raid and I was kinda down in the dumps and one of my buddies sent me that video that, that shouldn't <inaudible>. How long did that come out after A weeks about. Oh fuck <crosstalk> it was quick <crosstalk> like- He was like I think with Paul Rudd and <inaudible> the movie the day after the Bin Laden Raid, some like this. And they said, um, what's it is to be that guy? So they shot that video and shit. That's just pretty funny. No, I've been fortunate. I've been able to do some to meet some cool people, the kid rock thing, and he's a buddy of mine, so that's why he asked me to call him, bob. That's the hardest part about getting to know kid rock is calling him Bob. That's his real name. You're like <crosstalk> yeah am bubble level that everybody. But everybody we know that that knows him. You know johnny primo, right? Yeah. He was working security for them. They said they love the guy. <inaudible> Bob dude, <crosstalk> I want to play guitar Bob <crosstalk> I get down to <inaudible> the other person I heard you were partying with the other night was Dave Grohl. Dave grove, my man too. No way, he's awesome Dave is awesome Well Dave is great because I met, I met him the first time at one of the super bowls where I met Rob Niggle so and well I'm name dropping like a son of a bitch. Fine. We do it all the time <crosstalk> all the time. We wanted him really bad for range 15 and he turned us down and we've never <crosstalk> But got a picture with, so Dave Grohl asked me if I wanted a shots of tequila and I'm like, of course. And then he take a couple shots. He said, well, do you want to go meet a Paul McCartney? I'm like, yeah, yeah. So I got a great picture. I've got a great picture of me, Dave Grohl and Paul McCartney. But the best part of the story is I sent the picture right to my sister younger sister, who's a huge Nirvana fan, huge Beatles fan and a huge food fighters fan. And um, I sent those Dave Growl and Paul Mccartney.That is so cool. And oh my god, that old lady looks just like Paul McCartney, <crosstalk> it is Paul McCartney. Everybody gets old. There's nothing you can do about it. Well you know, there's all this like, um, you know, Dave said some political things and people ask me if I care. I'm like, I did not care cause I care about their music. And he's a great dude. Some of Paul McCartney and John Lennon jerking off together recently. Not recently, but a story that came out. It's like, yeah, but the white album, I don't give a fuck exactly. I don't care if they jerking off <crosstalk> <crosstalk> in bed together, something like that. Like, yeah, yeah, I've read that story. And I was like, well what's the gay thing? Certain people can't make this. So she's made it jerked off in bed and they're like, we should write this song. Kaboom. Yeah. And that's your favorite song <crosstalk> <crosstalk> <crosstalk> I don't know what exactly is strawberry fields means. But I'd love the song, What happens when ranger and seal semen mix and we just put that in something. I feel like that would be good. <crosstalk> <crosstalk> The jokes are writing themselves <crosstalk>. So many branches I want to fuck with I know it We should all jerk off together- I know I always <inaudible> <inaudible> you know my god. Yeah. You wIll not believe what happened <inaudible> with the <inaudible> Uh, no, no, I have not. What about, so a presidential wise? did they always ask you to stump for presidents when that comes around election season and all that stuff? Uh, they asked me for quite a bit of that stuff too. And as far as presidents go, Do you stay out of politics? No, I, I, I'm not going to ever run, but I do try to get as many veterans as I can. Uh, I helped him out. I'm a chairman of a super pack that helps vets get in because it doesn't matter which side of the aisle you're on. A vet will get into the room with someone to try to solve the problem, which is not the case in Washington. Like either side was party first, country second, which is crap. Yes. So, um, you know, a lot of stuff with John James up in Michigan is running against Debbie Stabenow. She's a, he's a west point grad ranger apache pilot. Yeah. 400 combat missions now he's a business owner. That's, that's the kind of guy we want. The trump family was up there a couple of weeks ago. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. Uh, more veterans is good as far as the political thing, I just think is the problem solvers. Yeah. You see, you see, you stay out of like, hey, I'm, I'm for so-and-so, right? Um, sometimes, but I will, I will Campaign, I don't know when this is going to air to the midterms might be over, but I'm on the, I actually right before <crosstalk> totally something for John James. I want to, my guy in Montana to win to be Jon Tester. I want Matt Rosendo, a couple of others that I'm helping out just with my veterans all veteran. And you're from Montana? I am from <inaudible> Montana, yeah. What really any thought of ever living back there? Yeah, I think I might. I might eventually moved back to that country and it's gorgeous. Do you hunt? I do. I grew up hunting elk. We should go kill stuff. Totally. I got some good spots. Good hookups. Sure, has some Jameson <crosstalk> it was actually funny too. One of my horrible jokes that I probably shouldn't tell was people asked me what's the difference between hunting <inaudible> and hunting and elk, and I'm like, I've never shot an elk in its sleep. Yeah. Yeah. <crosstalk> I love that joke in. The weird thing is, and I never talked about killing people in the episode, but fuck it, let's do it. I feel some form of remorse. Shooting a deer, right? I like avatar, that bitch every time Where I'm like, thank you so much for my family. I'm like super into it. People never fucking once. I'm like, I just. The second one gets fucking hall appointed in their heads. Splatters across that stupid fucking mud fucking hut. I'm like, next one, let's go. And that's all <crosstalk> I actually respect animals. People <crosstalk> when you're in that environment. Get fucked <crosstalk> kill <crosstalk> all The first kill I ever saw I didn't even get one of my guys in CQB in, in the house, but in his first kill too. So we, we were, this is our first time in combat and, but we had a brit with from the SBS named Andy. Andy. Andy, Andy had, he had a, a death cloud that followed him like every, the invasion of Iraq and Afghanistan. everywhere he went, he got in big fights where he'd seen this shit. He's been some bad stuff and then when my friend shot this first al Qaeda guy we ran into in this house and he's got sit in there sort of stun and he's like, Andy, go check that guy. And he calmly walks over. This white legs goes, oh, he's fucked mate. He's got nine bullets in his face unless this, this, uh, do you wish you could ever go back at any point? No, I'm good- So you have dreams about that. Um, I do. I, I don't need to go back. Um, but there is no feeling better adrenaline wise then getting to a house and we're going to go in and we're going to hunt people. That's like the coolest adrenaline just as they were doing some shit. I'm serious. I think that's where like the calm before the storm comes. Because you have more significant experience. Maybe like, you know, I think I have like over 400 something direct action. So like I participate in that a decent amount and it's always like, you know, that that offset and phil walk to the door And you get to the setpoint At setpoint appear where you want to call it and it's like, okay, we're going to go loud or white light or MVVGS and this thing is just like that heart starts to go like this. But it's such a calculated <crosstalk> slows you down. It's a drug. it's like nicotine or caffeine. Its always You're going to be fucking better. Like let's get this and then. And then the chaos ensues. And then the aftermath like, golly, this is like a fucking movie. It's, when we were rangers every night and that was always some of the best nights we had. It was when we were in a house, but all of a sudden we hear the song going off. It's like all the branches are fucking getting it. This is gonna turn into a good night. It's like <crosstalk> There's a guy with a gun <inaudible> <crosstalk> easy kill he is dead. He is really fucking dead, I see medal that's a goddamn wheel chair, you know cocky <inaudible> when you had your older brother with you and somebody was starting shit with you. And so you would, you would just mouth off because you know, you had your older brother with you. That's what, that's what it's like when I go out because as soon as they're like in my area, we got you. It's like, let's start some shit.We gotta <inaudible> <inaudible> fight because they are playing engagements for like you get like do get shot in the leg and we pull them off target and we're like, we could go get in the gunfight or <crosstalk> are easier. I want to go home and get arm. We got, we got into a fight in Ramada one time and we had these two rangers. Where Ramada, by the way? We were there, oh, six <inaudible> and <inaudible> You did by the way is this, is this true before you tell the story that you were on over 400 missions? Yes. Wow. So we had these two rangers one carried the rounds. One carry the 84, but the, a cargo stuff. Yeah. And the guy carrying the goose was six, eight.And the guy carrying the <inaudible> was about five five. And he got to the point, people don't believe there's a drainage ditches and rivers in Iraq, but we got to this point where I'm, this poor kid was carrying his truck. He didn't, think he had carried a gun. He just stopped jumping <crosstalk> walked through everything and just fuck live my life and like 30 missions into it. we got into a spot where we could finally fire goose into the, um, into the damn building. And so we he given HT to this kid and he's blasting it and give him another one. Hit him again, and then is that okay, we're good. We can clear the <inaudible> It goes, can we just fire one more? It's like, yeah, fucking fire one more hit. So we fired one more. When we got in there, it looked like a scene from like Halloween or something. Just really bad Inside. But we got back and as, as a, as a leader I told were given the debrief, I told the range with the thing. I was like, well why don't you debrief this or you can learn how to talk to the guys. And just explain what happened on target and he goes, alright, so we made entry in the first three guys were Carl Gustav. <crosstalk> Its funny, that's funny That's hilarious that I feel like that's the, like the range of school go to is when they fucking throw a thousand rounds on you. The first engagement ranger school. Your like cyclic. Get rid of it. He's like, stop shooting <inaudible> fuck you <inaudible> <crosstalk> shit That's were the Jameson stuff. Yeah Yeah. Give it a go. Not Sure. What that is, but give it a go. No driving obviously no driving. No. I uh, we got Ubers. Yeah. We're going from here to a sports bar to watch a baseball game. I don't know if you remember him telling me it was <inaudible> cut this if not, whatever. Cool talking about it. But we've been doing this show for three years. I cursed out somebody for you got pulled over. Uh, no. I got woken up. But there's a backstory to this. Nobody wants to talk about charges being dropped. They want to talk about arrested for DUY first? Correct. I have a, um, I'm from butte, Montana. I went to high school with all four of the officers. Thank you very much. Um, I haven't, I travel all the time and so my, my, I have a system. I get to the hotel, Pippin ambien, brush my teeth, get into, always be in bed with the ambien and turn the TV off. So I popped the MBN, forgot my toothbrush. I'm like, I can make it to the gas station's right over there, drove there, it's closed, drove to the next one. IT's open. I walked in, I got get, am on film getting a get rade and not drinking and, and, and a toothbrush. I get back in my car and I'm like, my dad's shitty little Nissan. And I'm like, okay, this is it. I got to go to sleep. So I went to ambien, sleep in the front seat. No way. And so they pulled me out there knocking on the door and recognize these guys and I'm still ambien up and said, well, we're going to take you up there and I, you know, whatever we did it. and I said, well, give me a breathalyzer. We find they wouldn't or <inaudible> fucking mug, mug shot. Yeah. And they did. And so then it got dropped eventually. But it's like, yeah, that happened. I remember that story, and my, my comment on the podcast, it was again years ago was I said, who the fuck arrest the guy who kills a <inaudible>. I was so angry on the podcast, you don't arrest that guy. I went to high school with these guys. So we have two high schools month in butte, butte, Montana at butte central and viewed high. And those cops from both schools. And one of my really good friends is from butte high. I went to butte central. And so, uh, I called him the next day. I'm like, hey, I'm kind of fox, what do you recommend? He goes, well, I recommend next time you get a deal, get arrested by a guy from <inaudible> high.Thank you wow Just making a joke. No, I mean, it all went away. It's a, of course <crosstalk>. I was still surprised that the <crosstalk> <crosstalk> breathalyzer that's fucking horseshit <crosstalk> liquid Ambien did the Roseanne's career dude. All right. Put it in the dumpster. She went on Regan and talked all about. Oh she did? Yeah, yeah, yeah she talked about the ambient and she's just said late night twitter. I actually kinda liked the girl. She's, she's very self aware. And on that note too, I'm, I'm, I'm the first one to tell you when I drink too. I like, even when I get asked about the, uh, the ultra in the NFL, I said, look, let me get some straight from butte, Montana, white kid. A lot of these athletes have experiences I don't have growing up. and every time I've been in handcuffs I fucking deserved it. <crosstalk> So I understand that. I'm not saying I don't drink it, I'm just saying that wasn't one of the cases here. Exactly. Managed to make the daily mail and some news in New Zealand or some shit. Exactly. I was just surprised that anybody, they just wake you up and say, hey Rob. Well, but <crosstalk> have done <crosstalk> I've done a lot of free training for a lot of swat teams, especially up in Montana and I assure you that there have been moments they could have arrested me and didn't, so we are still good, i love them all- <crosstalk> on the board. Yeah were in a bar the other night. Jesus, we're not going to say which one it is. That's, that's Math, local place- I heard is called area 51. Yeah. No, that's actually the gay bar. I love that call back. It's called a call back it is rob. What's your passion in life right now? So I know you got the nonprofit and all that, but like we're do you not to be a high school, professor or teacher, but in 10 years like we're like where, Where do you see yourself going from here? What do you want? My passion is the foundation and the best. The best email I get every, hopefully twice, three times a week because it's an individualized program is when staff sergeant so and so got a job at <inaudible> and his wife hits, hits, hits me up with like, we couldn't have gotten a second career without a grateful nation. Thank you. That's my passion. And then hopefully we've expanded in 10 years to a point where it's not just special operations rangers and seals and green bridge. It's everybody for everything like that. And then, um, I just got married a little over a year ago <crosstalk> <crosstalk> I got married in August and July.sort of Uh, when did you meet her? I met her at a speaking gig <inaudible> You had a single staunch. I did. Oh my god. How legendary was that? That had. Well, I am married now, so we can talk about this later. <crosstalk> Was the No, Was over under 500. She was funny. She was funny. Um, I met her at a speaking engagement and it was, the story wasn't really out yet, so I just met her there and there was just, it was so funny. So she was hosting, her company was hosting in my speech, so she's hosting it herself and um, there was a girl with and after my speech I went to the beach bar, I had this other girl with me and my soon to be, well my wife and three years was there too, and she was being respectful to the girl that was following me around because, so how long have you been and Rob been together? And she's like, oh, we're not, I'm just, I'm following him. And she's like, well, where'd you mean? She goes, Twitter? And my, I hear my wife go, oh, stand up, fuck by bitch. You're out of here <crosstalk> .That is a boss ass shit. That is a Boss that is move. What's it like when you go to dinner parties with people you don't know and you're introduced? Um, can you <inaudible> everybody in the room? It kind of sucks because it generally, when we go to dinner, I have to eat dinner before dinner because I'm not going to get a chance because it's all, it's all um, hey, I don't mean to bother you, but. And hey, real quick, one more. I bet it's awesome, but I'd rather people be nice than not be nice. I, you know, I ran into a navy seal two nights ago in Miami to thing and he was kinda dude drinking, kind of yelling at me about, you know, I love you. We worked together, but I hate you but I love you, but I hate you. I'm like, when you getting out of the navy, man, he's like, I retired at 30 in one week. I'm like, what are you going to do now? And he goes, I don't know. I'm like, just shut up and give me a call. We'll figure this out together. <crosstalk> why would he, why would he hate you? Well, it's the maze. It's the coolest. Its one of those <inaudible> when people ask about seals and how they think of me, I'm like, let me explain navy seals to you. If we took 10 random seals filled their driveways full of a dump truck each full of money, five of them would bitch at you because you blocked their driveway <crosstalk>. So it's like you're not going to keep them all having. And nobody's talking about with you. It's the same thing too when we go out. There's a lot of people who are just like, oh, hey, what's up Matt? I don't watch your videos or anything <crosstalk>. I've never seen your movie or anything. I don't, I don't know what you're <inaudible> tipsy. By the end of the night and they're like, <crosstalk> <inaudible> doing something. And same with you, Rob. You've done something that they wanted to do in their lives where it's just like after a few drinks then it really comes out of like, <crosstalk> you did what I wanted to do <crosstalk>. <inaudible> promotes insecurity. Right? And that's exactly right yeah. <crosstalk> Yourself, You can't be comfortable with that But I mean if we all work together, we could take over the world, if guys <crosstalk> Did America <crosstalk> Well that's like the first guy I met him from, uh, from Texas. When I joined the navy, I had a guy who was my roommate buds. I don't know shit about shit up from Montana. I met this dude, my roommate. And uh, he said, he said, hey, I'm Robin <inaudible> .I said where are you from, <inaudible> am fro Texas, so where are you from? I said, I'm from Montana and he goes, Montana, what? Uh, what part of Texas is that? <crosstalk> That's good, the one that is not there definitely the one the very top part of it now you are in New york That seems weird. Right? It's good though because New York is, um, I'm in, I'm in there less than half of the year, but I'm up there a lot in what I like about New York is the anonymity. There's 9 million people that don't notice each other. You can walk outside In New York. Nothing. Exactly. Nothing, I mean, will they run into people all the time there, but I mean, it's nice. You go into a, pub the bartender notices and he's going to buy drinks. That's just the way it is. I've done, I've tried to be the big dick and do bottle service some of those clubs and someone notices a picture up of $2500 tab, just shit like that. And even the local pub near, um, my wife and I go in there quite a bit and I have never paid for a drink there. It's like three years that we were in New York. We go there and she went there one time without me, but she had her, her bridal party and she goes, so Rob turns out if you're not with me, they do. <crosstalk> i just drop $300 bucks I thought I was hot shit <crosstalk> that's hilarious. Yeah, that's the thing about celebrity. And like when people get divorced, I like with women, not that my wife watches those shows on <inaudible> one, but she watches those shows on VH one and they will say the same thing when you're not with the guy anymore. It doesn't matter anymore. No. And you're invisible. And it doesn't matter if you're dating the most successful banker there is or whatever. If he's not famous or isn't the guy in his field, nobody really gives a shit. Think about it in the celebrity sense. I just want to think about in the sense of just murdering bad people and like how many bad people can he put in a ditch- That is actually a, It's a <inaudible> you know what weird to <inaudible> you and I were talking about this before, like when you're in the bubble, when you're in the community and everyone else is doing it, it's normal. This is normal, Right? So almost try to do a competition he said he kill three guys last night, we going to kill more whose got to count. Then he gathers the civilian when you make a gun. Joking. I've actually probably near to illustrate is fucking hilarious though. There's helmet cam footage which I can never show. There were people casing us from a whatever. I have my, my, my NVG laser on him as he's running because they were trying to fucking ambush us. These assholes and I'm screaming at my not screaming quietly, assertively delegating my opinion to my fucking partner and I'm like, if they run that way, third squad's going to fucking kill him and we're not going to get the kill list <crosstalk> because we're keeping score. I mean the little bird came in and smoke shadow them. I was like, that's all really pissed off that it wasn't me pulling the trigger as if it was competition of it is me versus you have who the bad guy. No the DOD should have a running website shows everybody's killed. It's like a video game for bad people. It would be amazing if somebody given it also gives something to aspire to that <inaudible> now man you got he got 50000 points for that been logged <crosstalk> I mean I killed way more assholes on the lower level, but he's got the big one and thought you know its funny too though is like. And I know there's people out there saying certain numbers, I still don't know how to confirm a kill. No, we used to there is no one in special operations unit. It is near fucking impossible. What defined kill, right? Because it's like in a building pop shots. Ranger squad, like this. Yes. How do you define that? Who got to kill? Or even a dude that pops out, you maybe put the first round and then like your whole fucking fallen team runs out and shoot it and Then you're falling. Like, who defines that kill? I stopped, I stopped carrying a pistol because you know, obviously the training was your primary goes down, go to your secondary. But I realized by the time I go to my secondary, my three buddies already aced. Yeah, I'm good. Instead of a pistol, the extra weight I'm carrying, the cleaning rod gun went down. Let me clean this real quick. You guys know have some fun over there, my buddy used to tell the RV like before before going out like, oh, you gotta bring a con firmer <inaudible> it's the officer that confirms all the kill them. I don't need another officer. You wouldn't make guys young guys go search like asking for the conformer hey, anybody where we can <inaudible> <inaudible> change of much <inaudible> because they had huts card, right? You marked on the people whatever I need to carry a card as if now did I just murder someone in that room? Yes, I did. yeah, I kind of remember that shit. I got it. I got it. Well, there may or may not a severe case of something in my book that might be why it's 17 months, possibly, allegedly, that, uh, uh, SS seeing an individual on a target that was a very bad guy and I took alternative methods for finding DNA. It turns out, it turns out a mercy kill is not a mercy hill. We will won't share the story because the book's not out. But after that, if it makes it, we will tell that story. I don't want to ruin the surprise. I will tell the story no matter what. Once the book comes out and go, fuck, it's not in print, it's, it's got to come out Its fiction. It's got to come to the book will come out. I'm just saying I'll tell a story of whether or not the sensor or not, but yeah. So longterm, which, what's your hopes and dreams now at this point? Well, I mean we're good. Like I said, I want to, um, do the foundation. You're grateful nation. I'd love to continue speaking. I'm just feeling you've been doing that for a very long time. The speaking thing is not as, I don't get up until the Bin Ladin story, you know, I, I'll get up and talk about high performance teams, why we were good and how it applies and like in the military, like the way that I say to the, to a lot of these corporate sponsors and stuff that to whom I speak, I'll say, you know, be good to each other, keep morale high. But like when we were working on was, hey, nobody wants to work for a dick, knock it off, so just make people want to be here and morale get along with each other, love each other little stuff. Like if there's a problem and we'll solve it in the team room, man to man, don't get physical with each other, just air, air it out. Don't bring it up there and you know, leave it at that. Keep morale high planning, you know, this much planning as much preparation, emotionless decisions, and never quit. You know, just keep moving forward like that. People want to hear the Bin laden story, but they love hearing training stories. They love hearing buds and they love that. They love as opposed to shooting a bunch of guys, like we're always having fun doing. They want to hear about the guy that's tied up and thrown in the pool and what, what makes you want to be there and stuff like that. So I just talk about shit like that. And then um, I want to keep doing that if I can, which is why I would never really want to be a seal because like I, I, I don't mind the water, but I don't like the water. So I'd rather just run into a door with <crosstalk> <inaudible> No we've been actively trying to convince Tyler Gray, one of the actors on the <inaudible> two author a book as the first fake seal to play a seal and TV to have a book. Do you think this is a good idea? That's an excellent idea, I think I would be hilarious. I want to write the forward <crosstalk> we need <inaudible> into this how a former army ranger and small mission units, operator played a navy seal. Yeah, the book <crosstalk> played a navy seal, navy seal <crosstalk> the- Imagine the movie about the book, about the <crosstalk> Claim that was <crosstalk> St James street <inaudible> What it was they all smelled amazing. Yeah <crosstalk> <crosstalk> he's on the forward. If, if we could get Tyler to do it, he'll write the forward before every mission <inaudible> very very reasonable <inaudible> called 74000 dollars. That's funny. Wet seal stolen valor <crosstalk> <inaudible> The wet seal story in the book, the book, the book slash the movie will listen Rob This is honestly man, you, you made our, our entire year being on the show. You were the most requested guests ever. Vertical. That's his words, he will make my year if we just get, tell some more stories over a good glass. You know we're doing that. Okay. Yeah, yeah. I look. It's civilians like me who are just <inaudible>. This is the happiest I've ever been in my goddamn life. My kids being born. This is red. This is awesome for me and I'm super grateful that you came out. I usually do this thing at this point in the show called the drinking bro of the week. However, your name has been requested so many times. It's like the drinking bro of the century year, everything. So it's you, Rob O'Neill and seriously thank you for, for being here. Thank you for what you did you are a humble, awesome guy on and off camera. So- And then where can people check out your organization? Um, your grateful nation.org is the foundation, but everything is underneath Robert <inaudible> dot com. Okay So ONEILL that uh, that last name with the two L's and Shaquille have really screwed that up for me. <inaudible> Robert J dot com. And then it goes for everything from, from you're grateful nation to my speaking engagements, testimonials to like the apparel stuff that we do here. <inaudible> So start selling this on. We've got to start selling this on- We have to <crosstalk> We got to get this on the margins are great.I mean, am thinking, I'm thinking maybe my nomination for 2018 bros men over here. Oh, maybe. Maybe. Yeah, I think we've got a serious contender. Yeah. I think for bros man of the year behind you is a lovely trophy. We give it out to the drinking bro of the year. Bros man trophies is sitting over there. It's resting of there. It's like a Heisman brings like <crosstalk> bring it on up here, Jared. It's heavy. It's got some weight to it. That's awesome. It has. It has breadth. The first, the first bozemanii Rose man winner, which was Jimmy long, who streaks? The army. navy game carrying a drinking bros Oh yes Well deserved sir spend the night in jail. We bailed them out <crosstalk> A few nights in jail. yeah, <crosstalk> that'll do it. So yeah. Your name could be engraves on that by the end of the year <crosstalk> for something if you. If you see Rob out in a bar, make sure he's not buying his drinks because that's not a <crosstalk> With a credit card. Do I love buying the rounds. Really? Oh yeah. I love <inaudible> we going out to dinner tonight. It looks so looks like everything's on Rob lets get out of here for Rob O'Neil that's Taylor Patterson. Good night everyone. 