You're listening to Roads From Emmaus. I'm Father Andrew Stephen Damick. This podcast, which is produced in Emmaus, Pennsylvania, features sermons and other talks about the exploration and engagement of Christian faith with the world. Jesus Christ both journeyed with his disciples on the road the biblical Emmaus and broke bread with them, thus revealing himself as both our fellow traveler and the incarnate word of God. Here's what we've got for today. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit, one God. Amen. One of the acquisitions that certain Non-Orthodox Christians level against the Orthodox is that we worship idols. They say that when we bow before an icon or kiss it, or sense it, or light candles before it, we are worshiping that icon and giving to it what is due to God alone. Idolatry is one of the most ancient of sins. Giving worship to the creation rather than the, to the creator. It is condemned in The Holy Scriptures many times, being the most visceral kind of apostasy, a betrayal and abandonment of the one true God, giving devotion instead to something else. If it is true that the Orthodox are idolaters, then that means that we are not even Christians. You cannot worship both God and something else. You have to choose. On the Sunday of October that falls either on the 11th or immediately after, we make commemoration of the 7th Ecumenical Council, which meet in the year 787, in the city of Nicaea, to answer exactly this accusation of idolatry. I won't give you the full details of the arguments made, but I will summarize. The accusers, who are called iconoclast, a word that means icon smashers, made the argument that because God is invisible, you cannot depict him, except symbolically. So, to point to an icon and say, There is a picture of God, and especially then to venerate it is idolatry. The Fathers of the council, that is the Orthodox, instead declared that because God had become incarnate, that is because the son of God became man, he is now visible in Jesus Christ. And, because he is visible, then that means we not only may depict him, but we must depict him. Not to depict him is to deny the incarnation. Not to depict his Saints is to deny that Christ is in them, too, and thus, all veneration given to an icon of Christ or to the Saints is actually given to the one depicted and not to the material object itself. When you kiss the hand on an icon of Christ, you are kissing Christ. The incarnation is a central doctrine for Chris- for Christians. We must believe in it, if we are Christians. We cannot deny that God became man and be Christians, and we cannot deny the place that material, physical reality has for us and be Christians. What we do with our bodies and with the material world is directly dependent on what we believe about who Jesus Christ is. Because the one true God took on matter for himself by giving himself a human body, then that means that all creation becomes the vehicle for the divine presence. And, it means that, especially where we see that divinity manifest, we give honor. We worship God alone, but we honor and venerate those people and things in which he as sewn his presence. So, this has many practical applications for us. We spoke already about icons. Iconography is central to who we are as Orthodox Christians because it witnesses to the incarnation and helps to connect us to it. But, this truth about God's presence in materiality is not only about icons. We can also see how he is present in the Holy Mysteries, especially the Eucharist, which is his body and blood. But, this truth about God's presence in materiality is not only about what we call the sacraments. One of our problems as Christians living in the 21st Century is that we have tried to push God into one place or another and leave him there. We can visit him, but that is where he remains. For those who do not make and venerate icons, their God basically has no presence in the material world. He may be felt or perceived in some sense, but he is not here or there in particular. He may be everywhere, but he is not present in this icon or in this Saint. But, we as Orthodox Christians are guilty of this, too, although not in the same way. We are happy to welcome God into our temples, onto our altars, into our icons, et cetera, but when it comes to other elements of materiality, we expect him not to be present. Instead, we exile him. I could mention a number of ways in which we are exiling God. Such as, when we do not fast, exiling him from our bodies, or when we do not make our homes sanctified with prayer, exiling him from our families. But, I will mention, now, probably the worse problem that we have in this regard, when we do not generously return to him what is already his own, we exile him from our finances. Money can be an uncomfortable topic, but that is why we need to discuss it. For many, it's a festering wound that we want to put a band aid on but not cure. So, it's uncomfortable, but let's heal it. Given what we have said about God's presence in all the material reality, especially in certain people and places, we must also acknowledge that he is present in our possessions, and that includes our most tightly held possession, our money. And, this presence is especially strong in those things that belong to the people of God. Why? It is because our very presence as baptized and anointed members of the royal priesthood brings the blessing and presence of God wherever we are. Your possessions become holy because you are the ones possessing them. Because you belong to God and bring with you the presence of God, then he is more present in the things you own. The Earth is the Lord's and the fullness there of, but he is especially manifest in us, his Church. So, it is clear that God is present in our possessions. God is present in our money. So, knowing that God is present in what we have and knowing, also, that our task is to offer up the material world to God to as for his blessing, then that means that we have to get serious about offering our money. Let's be frank. Although, it certainly in the case that there are among us those who are indeed serious about offering up their money to God, most of us aren't. No one will judge you but God, but you can also judge yourself. Are you actually serious about offering to God what is his? Is what you're giving a true sacrifice, or are you giving merely a donation? Are you paying dues? Do you think that what you give to God is somehow contributing toward being eligible for a membership? Consider your income. Consider what you offer back to God. You, yourself know whether what you are sacrificing is appropriate to being a member of the royal priesthood. God is present in this material world, and he is present in us, the royal priesthood, and he is present in what we touch and what we possess and maintain because we bring his presence with us. As Orthodox Christians, we do not believe in a theology in which God is separate from the material world, and which, therefore, suggests that our possessions really are ours to do what we please. What is in your home is sacred. What you wear on your body is sacred. What is in your checking account is sacred. It is sacred because we have been declared by him to be sacred, and this sacredness is transmitted wherever we go because of our common priesthood. It is for this reason that in the Holy Scriptures God called upon his chosen people to tithe, to give 10% of their income to him. This was the called upon sacrifice that was proper to the royal priesthood of God. This was the appropriate way for them to show that they understood the sacred presence of God in their possessions by offering them back to him for his blessing. I know that some people deny that tithing is appropriate for Christians, but we have to ask why. Do they deny it because they have a true theological argument for it? Do they deny it because they found a place in the New Testament in which the Lord or the Apostles set that aside? I would welcome hearing such arguments. Alas, I suspect that those who deny this do so because they simply do not believe deep within their souls that God is present in this material world. So, that means that the material things that they own are really theirs and not Gods. I will not say that it is merely because they are greedy or envious. Only God knows that. It is true that The Holy Fathers of the Church actually did change the teaching on tithing that was received from the Old Covenant. That should not surprise us as there are many things which were change in the transition to the New Covenant. Here is what Saint Irenaeus says in the 2nd century; The Jews had, indeed, the tithes of their goods consecrated to him, but those who have received liberty, that is Christians, set aside all their possessions for the Lord's purposes. And here, Saint John Chrysostom speaking about someone who complains about tithing; What a load of disgrace does this expression imply? Since what was not a matter of wonder with Jews has come to be so in the case of the Christians. If there is danger then in omitting tithes, think our great it must be now. And other Fathers essentially say that giving 10% was for the Old Covenant, but because the New Covenant is superior, we give even more. Let's be clear. It's not about a percentage. It's about a mentality. If your mentality acts as though God's presence… presence in the material world is either false or doesn't matter, then your offering will reflect that. But, if your mentality is in alignment with Orthodox Christian theology if the incarnation, then your offerings will reflect that. It is true that not all of us can afford to offer 10%. Some of us live on the financial edge. I get that, and I've been there. But, most of us can afford it. And, it's not really about what we can afford, but rather about what we will offer to God. Knowing that he is present within us and within it. 10% is not a law anymore. It is true, but that does not mean that we do less. Indeed, as much as we are able, we do more. So, I challenge you. I challenge you to believe in the incarnation of the Son of God, Jesus Christ. I challenge you to believe that his incarnation effects all the material world. I challenge you to put that into… belief into practice by keeping and venerating icons. I challenge you to put it into practice by receiving the Holy Mysteries, especially the Eucharist. And, I challenge you to put it into practice by offering to God what is already his, in which he is already present in a manner that is truly worthy of us, his creation-blessing royal priesthood. And, I challenge you to tithe. Will you join me and my family? Let us make this Holy offering together. To our Lord Jesus Christ who creates all things and his present in all things, be all glory, honor, and worship with his Father and The Holy Spirit now and ever and onto ages of ages. Amen. Let's face it. We Orthodox Christians, especially here in North America are pretty bad… <laugh>… about giving our financial resources to Christ through our churches. There's just something about it. You know, certainly, we could simply say that we're being stingy, that we're being selfish. Um, we could also point to certain historical contingencies, the fact that many of our churches find their origins in places where the, the church was paid for be the state… you know, established churches that were being supported directly by the government. And so, people got out of the habit of giving. Um, and there are certainly many, many times where we could point to in Church history where we see that giving and especially tithing, giving that 10%, gets kind of muted or abolished, you know? Um, and these times are plentiful enough, uh, along with the immediate recent memory of a very meager way of supporting the Church that a lot of people feel justified by saying that it's not appropriate to ask Orthodox Christians to give in any really vigorous way to their churches. Um, but, all of that is based in a kind of mentality that is ex- very problematic spiritually speaking. If we are Christians, if we seek to be like Christ, if we really love our God, then we're going to turn over all of our lives, everything that we have to the service of the Lord. We should not be asking, What's the minimum? Right? Or, even, What's the maximum? But rather, how do I dedicate what I have to the service of the Lord? And, when we think about it in those terms, then that changes the way that we function in terms of money. Um, and you might say to yourself, Oh, well, you know, I have all these bills. I have to take care of my kids. Or, whatever, whatever. I get that. You have to take care of those things. That's totally understandable, but the reason you take care of those things is because you're serving the Lord. You're serving the Lord. That is the project. That is the reason why you are taking care of your children, and paying the bills that you owe, and so forth. That's the reason. And, when that's the reason, then you're not going to say to yourself, Well, what's the least I can give, you know, and be a member in good standing at my Parish? That mentality becomes nonsense when you understand that all that you have is in order to service the Lord. So, when you ponder what it means to be truly Christian, when you ponder the fact that we are the royal priesthood, and so everything we touch becomes sanctified by our prayers, becomes sanctified by our presences because of the presence of Christ in us, then it makes sense to look at our financial resources and to give them over to God. It makes total sense, right? We have to get out of this mindset that is so grasping, so, uh, unwilling, you know, so, so, tight, so restricted, right? We have to get out of that mindset and, and move into a mindset of true generosity, which is based on the, the belief and the action based on that belief that what we have is given to us so that we can serve the Lord. And, you know, as I mentioned in the sermon, we really do violence to our core theology of the incarnation, if we act like our physical resources, our material resources are irrelevant or only, sort of, you know, just a little part of our spiritual life, right? You know? It's like saying, Well, you know, I'll make the sign of the cross, but I'm not going to make any prostrations because that's just too much. You know? Or, I'll pray at home, but I'm not gonna come to church, you know, because that's just too much. No. No. No. We believe in the incarnation of Christ, and so that means that matter is sanctified by virtue of God becoming man. And matter, therefore, being sanctified, and we, being joined to Christ… It means that the matter that is us… <laugh>… and the matter that is the stuff that we possess is also sanctified, and if it's sanctified, it's the Lord's. It's the Lord's. So, the question is, how do I serve the Lord with what I've been given? Speaking from a personal point of view, I… I have functioned many times in my life, sometimes for long periods, um, with this kind of restricted mentality, you know? Oh, well, I know I'm supposed to give, but really? You know? That much? 10%? Are you kidding? But, when, um… When I made the decision to tithe, to give 10%… and, it was a decision that I made together with my wife. When we made that decision, not only did we find that God took care of all of our needs, but we found that our hearts changed. Our hearts changed as result of the action. Right? Don't wait to feel generous… <laugh>… before you begin to be generous. Be generous, and then watch what happens to your heart. Right? The action comes first, and then the heart will follow it. So, take that step of faith. Give as is really appropriate for an Orthodox Christian to give. You know, the Holy Fathers tell us that, because we are in the New Covenant, we now should be doing more than in the Old Covenant, and, if the Old Covenant had a tithe, then that means we should even be doing more. <laugh>. We should even be doing more. 10% is maybe too little. So, may give your courage and enable you to take that step. And watch, watch how he blesses you, not… I'm st- I'm not talking materially. He might bless you materially. I don't know. But, watch how h- your heart changes. Watch how you are unshackled. You're released from bondage to selfishness. It's really a beautiful thing and so worth doing. God Bless you as you give because he first gave to you. This has been Roads From Emmaus, and I'm Father Andrew Stephen Damick. I'm a priest of The Antiochian Orthodox Christian Archdiocese of North America serving in Emmaus, Pennsylvania. I'm a husband, and a dad, and the author of multiple books. This has been a listener supported presentation of Ancient Faith Radio. 