Welcome to episode 103 of the Ross Bolen and podcast, otherwise known as RBP 103, brought to you by Grand Dex media. I am your host Ross Bolen, here at the Grand Dex media studios in Austin, Texas with my producer, Micah Wiener. Hey Ross. It is great to be here. What a treat. Happy Tuesday. Happy Election Day. We're staying late on election day. Micah has got a cocktail going, which has never happened on the show before. Yeah, it's Compari Soda time. Let's fucking go. Let's turn it up. I normally drink pretty heavily on election night, and a uh- <laugh> That tradition will probably continue. RBP 102, 103 rather, is brought to you by MeUndies. Okay. This holiday season, you can get everything you need for you and your loved ones at MeUndies. This whole episode of the Ross Bolen and podcast brought to you by MeUndies. The underwear I'm wearing right now, MeUndies, boxer briefs, so comfortable that I almost feel bad for people who aren't wearing the exact same pair. I mean literally this pair. MeUndies uses a coveted micro modal fabric three times softer than cotton. If you've, uh, never felt it, you never felt this micro modal fabric that MeUndies uses, get ready to experience pure bliss and underwear form. So, so comfortable. So good. And, this year me undies is dropping new holiday prince every single Tuesday during the holiday season, which means you have no excuse not to celebrate the holidays right down to your very core, but why stop it undies? This year, MeUndies is launching their holiday prints in lounge pants and onesies as well. If you need a good onesie for that holiday party. Oh yeah. Christmas morning- Oh, yeah, or Christmas morning. Family wide onesies, uh, onesies. Uh, you know what, I'm interrupting you here, but- That's fine. Man, uh, uh, MeUndies, excellent socks. Really? Yeah. They sent some socks to us. I, I too am wearing my micro, I call it micro model, but I don't know, uh, underwear. Very comfortable. That sounds fancier, I like that. You don't want to go cotton ever again, but their socks are really nice. Oh yeah. Same fabric. Micro model? Model? Yeah, uh, they're a little bit of a blend, but they're, they're dope. I like them. Nice. RBP gang, MeUndies is giving you 15% off if you're a first time purchaser with free shipping, this is a no brainer. You get 15% off the most comfortable pair of undies you're ever going to wear, that you're ever going to put on and all you gotta do to get your 15% off and free shipping, and you're 100% satisfaction guarantee is to go to meundies.com/rbp. That's meundies, M-E-U-N-D-I-E-S.com/RSVP. If you're new to our show, every episode is broken down into segments which you can find with time cues below in the description. You do not have to listen to any of the 102 proceeding episodes in order to enjoy this one, but if you like the show, we ask that you go back and listen to as many as possible so that you soak up as many inside jokes as you can. Running jokes, priceless knowledge regarding animals, pirate's, life in general. We just suggest you, uh, you go back, right? Listen to the whole 102 existing episodes that are out there for you and your entertainment. You got plenty of time. You do. The great thing about this show is it's mostly evergreen. Right. So you know, maybe uh, maybe you, you don't have time this week, maybe this weekend you've got a, uh, lazy weekend with nothing going on. Fuck yeah. You're mildly watching football, but you don't want to listen to Jason Witten on Monday nights because he's terrible. He is bad. And, you just catch up. Binge, listen to three or four of these during the game. There you go. Cooking dinner. It's good. Love that idea. Lots of time. Follow us on Instagram- And we're on Spotify as you mentioned- We are on Spotify now. So, you can, you know if you have an Alexa or, uh, or a Google device. Okay, Google, play Ross Bolen podcast. That's probably going to mess with someone's, someone's Google right now. Yeah. Someone told me that that work the other day. Hey Alexa, play the Ross Bolen podcast. <crosstalk>- Which is weird, because we're already listening to it, so. If we just keep saying that like periodically throughout the show, would we just double and triple our listens because it'll just keep restarting? Is this the new strategy? <laugh>, it's, you know what, we've come up with worse ideas. I'm just kidding. We have. That's absolutely 100% certain you can follow our show on Instagram at the Ross Bolen and podcast. We are on Twitter at Ross Bolen pod. We're on facebook somewhere too, but nobody really knows where nobody cares, everyday through these social media outlets, we make important announcements. We put up photos and videos related to the show, highlighting segments from old episodes, from new episodes, new topics, things that are hot in pop culture, whatever it may be. These social media feeds are meant to be as entertaining as possible for you, our listenership. That's what we're striving for every single day on Instagram, Twitter, and even Facebook. And we fill up our Instagram story with slides that you, the RBP gang of sent to Micah and I, it's all your photos and videos. Uh, mostly we source these things through Snapchat. It's just been the easiest method thus far. You send a video or a picture to Micah and I on Snapchat, @wrbolin is my Snapchat, Micah is at Micah@tx, and we take all our favorite snaps from the day and upload them into the Instagram story at the Ross Bolen and podcast so that you can all see them, and it's been really fun so far. Uh, we get so much good shit every day that it's impossible to keep up with it all, so if your stuff does not get featured, please don't be offended, but definitely go check out the Instagram story, uh, at least once a day. We try to update it to get as many slides in as we can from you guys are fantastic. Thank you for participating. Couple of announcements and amends, first announcement. Go to rowdygentlemen.com and you're going to see a shirt there if you click the new tab, rowdygentlemen, just like it sounds, dot com. Click on the new tab in the top left. Do it right now, and you're going to see a shirt that says gang cubed, is the name of the shirt, right? We made this just for you, just for the RBP gang, just for the listenership of this podcast. It's got what appears to be, it's almost a Beluga Yeezy, if you, if you really look closely, that's almost what it looks like. And, it says gang gang gang on it, and it's just for y'all. Get on rowdygentlemen.com, grab that shirt, the gang cube tee, fill up the cart with hats and tee shirts from our fall, 2018 collection as well. If you're looking for a way to directly support the Ross Bolen podcast, this is it. Rowdygentlemen.com is our in house a website that we own and we're using now to, the idea is create more products that are fitting for our podcast audiences, and you guys being the largest one uh, if, if that's not, if that's a secret on, I have no idea. You're very important to us and we want to make you happy with good shirts that you love. So, if you ever have an idea for a t shirt that you want made, hit me up. That's because we love you. Oh, it's out of love. Yeah. Yeah. We'd love to hear your ideas, so. And, then listen to this in November for the entire month, which were only six days into, November 2018, RBP 30 as a code on rowdygentlmen.com will get you 30% off anything and everything. So, go to rowdygentlemen.com. Grab the game cube shirt, support the show, use the code RBP 30 at checkout. Throw some other stuff in the cart too, do some Christmas shopping while you're there. Fuck it. We've got great hats and teas and long sleeve tees and stuff that make fantastic gifts, especially if you've got a little brother or sister or whatever. Niece, nephew in college or some shit. Go to rowdygentlemen.com, RBP 30 will get you 30% off the entire website. I don't have any amends, let's just jump into the first segment. Animal of the week. This week's animal of the week is the Lemur. Uh, actually, I was on Instagram last night as I'm, I don't even know. I don't even need to say that sentence. I'm just on Instagram permanently now. There's not a moment where I'm like pulling up Instagram to check it. I'm just always on. You can just assume that I'm there, and I'm on there last night as I always am. And, uh, Nat Geo is the National Geographic's Instagram account @natgeo. If you don't follow them, you, uh, you should, they put up fantastic animal pictures and stories and, uh, you know, National Geographic, they've been the, the world leader in an animal photography since I was a fucking child. Maybe ever, since the invention of the camera. They put up a picture on their Instagram a few days ago that actually inspired this animal of the week, it's the Lemur and it was, uh, the, the one they put up was actually called an Aye-Aye, it's a type of Lemur or Aye Aye, I'm not sure. A-Y-E dash A-Y-E is how it's spelled Aye-Aye, Aye-Aye, I don't know. Either way. Uh, it turns out there's lots of different types of Lemurs, but this particular one they put up, here was the caption and it said, 'Did you know that word Lemur comes from the Latin word for ghost? Nocturnal behavior, startling screams and mythology regarding some Lemur species as holding the spirits of their ancestors are thought to contribute to their ghostly name connection. The Aye-Aye is at the center of countless myths on the island of Madagascar with many locals holding the belief that an encounter with the Aye-Aye brings great misfortune. Some Malagasy', those are the people that live on Madagascar. I did not know they were called Malagasy. That is awesome. Uh, 'even believed that the Aye-Aye's are man eaters, which is why you should never leave your village and the dark'. They still believe this. In reality, the Aye-Aye leads a solitary life, and his nocturnal meaning an encounter with this unique Lemur is very rare, uh, with increased education in eco-tourism to Madagascar, there is hope that the species will be viewed as a treasure and not as a threat. Yeah, that's pretty important that the people, the Malagasy understand that these little Lemurs aren't going to eat them whole. That's, someone should explain that, someone should be on a mission, should be explaining that right now, like as we speak. I can't do it. I'm here talking on the microphone. Somebody else go do it, though. Anyway, as I said, the Aye-Aye is a type of Lemur. The type of Lemur you're all most familiar with is probably the ring tailed Lemur. Uh, but we're going to talk about Lemurs in general, all right? So, if I mix in some Aye-Aye facts with some ring tailed facts, get off my back. Were all Lemur lover, lovers here together. Uh, first note is serious. Despite widespread popularity, everybody's heard of the Lemur. You've seen one in a movie or on TV or a poster, some, at some point you've seen a Lemur, but despite how popular they are and how well known they are, very endangered. The Earth's most endangered group of mammals, in fact, which I did not know, about 94% of all Lemur species have a threatened status on the IUC and red list, including 49 listed as endangered, and 24 listed as critically endangered, so Lemurs only live in the wild on Madagascar. Okay. And, there's a shit ton of different kinds of them, but they're all Lemurs and that's the only place they live in the wild, and they face an array of dangers there, obviously. They spend the majority of their lives high up in the trees, uh, because it's a safe move, a smart move, a high move, and yet they're still in serious danger of being eradicated completely. Uh, so very important note about the Lemur. 94% of the Lemur species have a threatened status. 49 listed as endangered, 24 listed as critically endangered. Definitely an animal that could use your help if you've got some spare time or money. That's all I'm saying. Modern Lemurs range from two and a half inches to two and a half feet tall. So, somewhere in there. The smallest living Lemur is the Pygmy Mouse Lemur, less than six centimeters from head to toe. Two point five inches. Little bitty guy. And the largest living Lemur is the Indri, which can stand as tall as two point five feet in adulthood. That is creepy as fuck. That's a big lamer. It's a big old Lemur, big boy. Uh, blue eyed Lemurs who's a random fact or one of two non nonhuman primates to have truly blue eyes. Lovely. Uh, just as a reminder of what's at stake for modern, for Lemurs in the modern day, some of the groups, most unusual members have already died out in recent country, in recent centuries. Apparently at least 17 giant Lemur species have already gone extinct since humans have reached Madagascar. Uh, including, there are these massive Lemurs called what Megaladapis Edwardsi, it was, it wait up to 200 pounds. And, when this, was the size of a small adult human, according to the national, or the American Museum of Natural History. I'm trying to wrap my head around seeing like an E.T size Lemur, like a 200 pound Lemur. And it just, it's just, basically what you're looking at here is Alf. And, that's what everyone describes this particular Lemur that no longer exists as having looked exactly like, the megalada, the Megaladapis Edwardsi I think is how it's pronounced. Looked just like fucking Alf, Google it. It's crazy. Just put a Alf Lemur. It'll probably pop up. Anyway. Another interesting fact about Lemurs. Their society is run entirely by females and it's so much so that it's often a like comedic dynamic within their societies. Robin Anne Smith, who's a Duke University Biologists wrote in 2015, It's not uncommon for lady Lemurs to bite their mates, snatch a piece of fruit from their hands, whack them in the head, or shoved them out of prime sleeping spots. They're little humans. That's what these are. They're a little freaky, furry humans. Uh, she continued, Females mark their territory with distinctive sense just as often as males do. Males often don't take their share of a meal until the females have had their fill. So, the babes are running the show in Lemur land. Also, ringtail Lemurs, they settled their disputes with something called stink fights and it's exactly what it sounds like. Male ring tailed Lemurs have these scent glands at their wrists and their shoulders. So, they use their long tails and they waft the scents from their wrists and their shoulders into the air to intimidate other Lemurs. In stink fight. Their wrists produce a volatile, short lived odor while their shoulders offer a brown toothpaste like substance with a longer lasting scent. And, when a stink fight begins, two rival males pull their tails through these glands, so the fur absorbs the smell, they also mix the scents up to make them richer, uh, and to get more persistent fragrances. And, then they wave their tails at each other, throwing pungency instead of punches, as this one website puts it. What the fuck? Pungency instead of punches. Wow. Stink fights are the way to go, in my opinion. Earth is poetic. Why don't we move this direction with our wars, enough with these bullets and bombs, who can smell the worst? Stand up. Let's have a stink fight. Anyway. Stink fights apparently quickly resolved when one Lemur backs off, and although they may end quickly, they have been known to last an hour. Now, I'm imagining to Lemurs wafting their different smells at each other for an hour, and I need to watch this on YouTube. Uh, preferably was smoking a joint. Stink fights can take place anytime of year, not just breeding season and they aren't necessarily limited to Lemurs. Human sense of smell isn't strong enough to detect the odors, but ringtail Lemurs don't know that. So, they tried to get indistinct fights with zoo, zookeepers and all the people who irritate them. Anyone who comes near, they try to stink fight the zookeeper. They're little skunks, these fuckers. Also, did not know this, but Lemurs, huge pollinators in Madagascar like bumblebees are in our heads here in America. They're big on pollen, and that's, those are your Lemur facts for the day. And that's your animal of the week. The Lemur. Again, shit tons of different kinds of them. They only live naturally in Madagascar and very, very endangered and threatened and critically endangered and need your money in your help. So, find a, you know, if you feel so compelled to, a, an organization that supports the Lemurs and do something. Next segment. Drinking and life. I got a listener email from somebody who asked to be left anonymous, so I'm just going to read it. Says, Hey Ross. I just listened to RBP 102, and had some questions about drinking and life. So, I'm a senior in high school and I guess I've had a pretty tough life so far. My mom passed away from lung cancer a few weeks ago, sorry, years ago, and my dad has been struggling with alcoholism ever since. This week, he's getting back from rehab for the second time. My school year started after dozens of attempts at AA. I got drunk a few times sophomore year, but haven't drank since. My friends are cool and don't pressure me to drink and I'm usually the designated driver. I stayed away from drinking and drugs because I know there's a lot of addiction in my family, and how they have affected me emotionally. I've been thinking of drinking lately, so I'm not left out, and for getting with girls. I have a few questions and I'm open to any other advice you have. Is it alright for me to continue to go into party sober? Is it possible to have a social life in college and not drink? How should I approach my dad now that he's home? Uh, again, I keep them anonymous. He says, I love what you and Micah are doing on the podcast. Keep it up, gang, gang, gang. All right. Listen, we talked about this shit a lot lately, but I felt this was important and specific enough to address it specifically. So, to get to each of your questions. Uh, first of all, that's great that you've recognized this is a problem in your fam, for those of you who are not aware, addiction, addictive personalities, alcoholism. These are genetic things. These things run in families, some families are, and some people are way more predisposed to suffer from these things as a result. Uh, like it's funny in my family, my mom and dad don't have, neither of them have what I would call addictive personalities on first glance. And, I've, trust me, I've spent plenty of time trying to find how everything about me is their fault, but random other members of my family, like I have like an aunt on my mom's side who has a panic disorder like I do or like, you know, an uncle on my dad's who has like an addictive personality, or you find the shit out. It's in your gene pool. Okay. That's my point. So, like this dude who's, who's having, watching his dad struggled with alcoholism. Yeah, for sure man. You don't want to drink when you're watching, a lot of people with alcoholic parents never touch alcohol as a result. Um, it sounds like you have already, but that's not, it's neither here nor there. I don't really buy into like the whole, I've never touched a substance in my life thing. Like, trump says that shit and weirds me out a little bit. Like, what do you mean you've never had a drink ever? Ever? You didn't try one? What? I just don't know if I believe that from anybody, but it, anyway. No, point is, good for you for recognizing the, that you can steer clear of this shit if you choose to. You can just not drink or not fuck with substances at all, man. Especially if it's something that you're worried about. I, just don't. Especially if you're in a position where your friends aren't pressuring you and you're already, you've already found your social groove. It sounds like at least a little bit more than other people. My biggest problem man, was always the, is it possible to have a social life in college and not drink? Is it alright for me to continue going to parties sober? Hell yes. It's all right for you to go to parties sober. Dude, no one there can tell that you're sober except you. That's the hardest part to, to figure out about parties sober. I used to go to parties, uh, like let's say at 22 years old in college, we're having a huge fraternity party that night and I have a massive panic attack during the day. Typically, when I would have a massive panic attack, I can't drink the rest of the day for sure, for at least the rest of the day, sometimes a week, sometimes a month, but definitely not that day because it would just trigger another immediate panic attack. So, what I have to do is go to parties and walk around with a beer like I was drinking when I wasn't. So, that's like one strategy you can utilize. Uh, the, I mean just having something in your hand so that it appears you're drinking even if it's like you fake a mixed drink and it's just soda or whatever. That can go a long way to getting people off your back at parties. Especially in college. It's tough. That's the toughest time. It's the toughest time in your life to not drink. And, I know this because I failed to ever quit during college. Like there was a, a three year span where I knew I shouldn't be drinking anymore because of my anxiety and yet I did still for like 10 years because it's hard to walk away from. Especially if you're super embedded in the social like party lifestyle, especially if you're super concerned with being able to like interact with girls sober, which is something our, our email or brings up as well, and you don't want to feel left out. It's so, you feel FOMO constantly in college if you're skipping out on parties are not drinking when everybody else is, but listen, man, here's the important thing. At the end of the day, none of this shit matters. You have to do what is best for you, right? Yes. If you're to look at it in the light of, it sucks that I'm missing out on this party, then you're going to feel bad about it and you're gonna wish you were drinking and you're going to get all, like self pity and shit. Fuck all that noise. You're, just be above it. Just make it what it is for you. It's your life. Nobody else can tell you how to live. I can't tell you how to live. You have to figure it out on your own, and if you think what you seem to think that it's a better idea that you avoid alcohol, then do it, man. Fuck what anybody else thinks, and anybody else that gives you a hard time about that is not your fucking friend, and I know that's something your parents tell you when you're growing up. Like, oh, they're just picking on you, that's, they're not really your friend. That's just somebody, like anybody that's mean to you isn't really your friend. That shit's actually true. People who don't care about you aren't your friend and if they, if you're trying not to drink and people were trying to pressure you to drink, those people are not your friends, so you don't need to worry about what they think. Uh, but it sounds like you've got a decent group of friends around you that are cool. They don't pressure you too much. You're going to be the designated driver and shit. I would definitely continue to go to parties sober if you've already conquered that. Like, it's so much harder to do the reverse, to go be full blown party guy, and then try to be sober party guy. You're already halfway there, it sounds like, like you've at least done one party sober. You can do this. It can be pulled off. I swear to God, it can. I wasn't able to do it. Uh, I wasn't strong enough to do it, but I've seen people do it. I've heard of people who've done it. I hope it will become something that happens more and more in the future as a result of things like this podcast and removing the stigma from people who choose not to indulge in alcohol or whatever the substance may be. There's just no need for you to stress about this shit. And, I stressed incessantly for fucking ever about drinking in college and how I knew I couldn't do it anymore. Whether it was because of the legal trouble, I was in it because of the anxiety that it was inducing, but I still did it anyway. So, I promise you this, you can go through college drinking and miserable, or you can go through sober and happy. It is totally up to you. And, and you don't even have to be sober. Do you, if you want to go my route, smoke some weed, don't drink it. It's a totally different animal. Uh, in my, in my case, I'm able to like, there's, there's never been a point where we'd has had an impact on my life functioning. Alcohol that happened every time I drank. So, I'm just saying there's other options out there. Just because you're in college does not mean you have to drink. Everybody takes it for meaning that the, that's what you do in college. You drink. Enough is enough. Like there are people in college who cannot drink and should not be drinking. This guy sounds like he's one of them. Don't fucking do it if you don't want to, don't do things that you don't, that you know you shouldn't be doing that are going to hurt you. It's so much easier, as a person who was always faced adversity and issues by having to run straight through them, like to bulldoze them rather than go around them. It's so much easier to not do that and so much less painful on yourself to just make the right decision out front instead of being a stubborn fuck and forcing yourself to realize it in most painful way possible. You've got a good head on your shoulders, sending an email like this, getting out in front of the fucking issue. Do yourself a favor and just don't drink. That would be my, my response to your, your particular email. I appreciate you reaching out. I appreciate you listening to the show. Uh, good luck with your dad. You said you, you wonder how you should approach him now that he's home from rehab again, and he's been in and out of AA. Dude, that's a tough situation now being a, being a child of a parent where the roles are reversed and you feel like you have to take care of them is the fuck, that's just the worst. And, you see it happen all the time. Especially with addicts and alcoholics and shit. Uh, my advice would be to go to A Non meetings, man, go to those alcoholics anonymous meetings that are for, for the, for family members and victims of alcoholism. Uh, those will be extremely helpful for you to not only understanding what your dad is going through and helping you deal with it, but there'll be extremely helpful for you to understand the road that you could go down with alcoholism if you so choose to or, uh, how the road that you could avoid all together go to, I'm pretty sure they're called A Non meetings, it's like the version that's for, for, for family members. Yeah. Yeah. A Non. Whoop that shit up there, and every, Al-Anon, boom, I was so close to blowing this. Al-Anon meetings. Look them up. There are family groups in every city at every four blocks, find yourself one. Go to it. It's for people just like you who have parents or siblings or friends or whatever that is suffering from alcoholism. It'll help you with time. Okay, that's, that's my real answer. Go to an Al-Anon meeting and just take that shit serious. Whatever you decide is your decision and, and, and you need, you need to put some real thought into it. It's an important decision, enough so that I'm spending 20 minutes talking about it on this fucking show. There's a bunch of these, uh, organizations like that. There's uh, Nar-Anon, there's, um, there's a adults, adult children of alcoholics, groups. There's, the, it won't take you there long to find somebody. Right. And, I, I know people that have been in uh, these have been going to these groups and their, their family members have been sober for deck, uh, you know, a decade and they still go- And, they still go. And it's, and it's something they found, you know, a lot of, uh, uh, joy may not be the right word, but- It's support. Like, solitude, support, all of those things. It's, it's worth checking out. And, uh- Yeah, absolutely. I mean, especially for somebody in your position where you're, you, you, you've got a lot of angles to work with you. I mean, there's a lot, you got a lot to handle on your plate. Um, and I'll just say this, as, as, as, as a guy who feels like he's had a lot to handle, a lot, put on his plate at different times in life, uh, just in the form of my own personal issues, not in the form of like trauma or tragedy necessarily. I, I see all that shit as a blessing and I know it's hard to see it like that right now when, especially when you're dealing with your own attempts at figuring out your own life and there's your dad who's fallen off the rails. You lost your mom. I know it's hard to see it that way, but all, all these things that happened to you shape you into the man that you're going to be when you, when you're older and, and are gonna have that's, these are the things that are going to decide how you impact the world yourself. And, what, what it is that you leave behind. So, just take it serious, like I don't, I don't think there's a right or wrong answer. I'm not saying you should or shouldn't drink. I'm not. I'm just saying it seems like based on what I know about your one fucking email, it's probably the smarter move to avoid it. And, at the very least you should go to some Al-Anon meetings or any of those groups. Just like Micah has said, there's so many different support groups, both for alcoholics and family and friends of alcoholics. Do some Googling go to one and start to figure it out. Big News. This episode of RBP is brought to you by our friends at Fulton and Roark, and guess what? Fulton and Roark has a new fragrance out. It's part of their limited reserves series, which is where the guys behind the guys behind the colognes get to try things a little outside the box. They get a little weird but in a really good smelling way. And, this new fragrance is called Perpetua, like perpetual, but without the l, Perpetua. It features notes of Atlas Cedar. So, it's a very woody scent, but it's also really fresh, and woody is good. You want to be woody. Woody is the best. Also, to make the launch of the colonial a little more fun for everybody, Fulton and Roark made flat black containers for the first 1000 colognes. So, there's this little extra cool incentive for you to scoop yours. Now, get <crosstalk>- They are dope. They sent something to us and they are cool. They're very cool. We do have them around the office and they're awesome. And like all Fulton and Roark products, these come with a 30 day no questions asked return policy. So, if you don't love the scent because your nose is malfunctioning or something, it's easy to exchange for something else or get your money back. So, go to Fulton and Roark, that's R-O-A-R-K.com, and use the code RBP at checkout to receive 15% off your first purchase. That's F-U-L-T-O-N and R-O-A-R-K.com. Code RPB at checkout, 15% off, gang, gang, gang. Next segment. Sleep paralysis is terrifying. So, I got an email from someone named Nash and the subject was sleep paralysis story, and I'm going to read this to you as it is punctuated. Okay. And this is, I might have to take a breath at some point here. So again, this is from Nash. Okay. So to start this story, I work in the oil field by myself with my two dogs and Skyler, who was mentioned in the story is my girlfriend. Okay. So, I was dreaming and I knew I was and I was trying to wake up but I couldn't, and I felt, and I fell walking up some stairs and I couldn't get back up, and this little girl in a red dress ran up to me and it made me jump and woke me up, but I didn't actually wake up because that little girl was in my camper, and I tried to yell and move and couldn't. And, Skyler was laying next to me instead of Chip my dog, and she went Nash what's wrong? And, I tried to talk and kick my legs at the little girl and she ran up to me with a pillow case, and put it over my head. Then I woke up or I think I did in checked my phone and it was 1:45 A.M and I had like five or 10 more dreams where I couldn't move or yell and something scary what happen, and I would wake up and check my phone and it was still 1:45, and it felt like I was stuck in that time for hours. Finally, I actually woke up and set up and it made, it made absolutely positive I was awake, and checked the time and it was 3:00 A.M. The witching hour. Thanks. I know I suck at writing and this is basically just one long run on sentence, but fuck it. <laugh> Uh, any email with fuck it is, is the way to go. Just for the record. Great email, Nash. Holy Shit. I don't know if we've ever talked about sleep paralysis in any way, shape or form. Dude, this is such a weird phenomenon that I've had, but not in like decades. It's crazy. I had it when I was going through puberty the most, I think, because of whatever, like, you know, you've got all those hormones going crazy in your body when you're a teenager and you growing, grow, growth spurts and all that shit. That's when I was most susceptible to things like sleep paralysis and I will never forget the couple of times that I can remember anyway, where I had very specific instances of sleep paralysis and woke up and could not move. And, just like you, my problem was always that I was combining dreaming with sleep paralysis. So, like I would have these horrifying dream that someone was coming into the room as I was in sleep paralysis mode, and I couldn't do anything. So, like you had this little girl situation. I had some similar, wasn't a little girl. Uh, but it was fucked up, and there is no worse feeling in the world, it turns out then being awake and unable to move or speak. Holy Shit. It's fucking awful. And, uh, man. I just love the way you wrote this email probably in the middle of the night after waking up to this horrible, to this horrible experience. And, their, your emails were written like exactly how you would've experienced it without any punctuation and that feeling of time, and, and you lose all understanding of it in the midst of like a dream or that's, uh, sleep paralysis situation. How that works to me is so fascinating and I don't fully understand it, but it's nuts. And I've been through that exact thing. It's like the inception deal, like you dream three layers deep and then you wake up from one dream into another dream and think you're awake, but no, that's another dream. And then you, it's like it all that shit. It just blows my mind, and I definitely understand how sleep science is a thing that people spend their entire lives studying, uh, and that there sleep researchers out there and shit. Apparently sleep paralysis is normally the result of your body not moving smoothly through the stages of sleep. It's usually not linked to like deep underlying psychiatric issues or anything like that. It's very simple. And uh, if you go read, if you want to really fuck yourself up, go on Web MD for, for the only time you should ever do that. Never ever Googled anything on Web MD ever. Everybody knows this. It just, you have aids and cancer. You have both. Don't look it up on Web MD. You're going to die. All right? Just don't look it up. Uh, but if you want to really freak yourself out, look up sleep paralysis. There's like a guide to sleep paralysis as a disorder that walks you through what it is and why it occurs and when it occurs. And, I feel like reading the information off this Web MD page has to like double or triple your odds of having sleep paralysis, which is, which isn't good. And, is why I'm choosing not to read it. So, you, you probably shouldn't read it. That's why I'm not reading it. Okay. Yeah, but if you want to read it, you certainly can. I just feel like even knowing this information is dangerous <laugh>, that's why I'm staying the fuck away from it. Anyway, for anybody out there experiences, sleep, paralysis. Uh, best of luck. I have no idea what you're supposed to do. Uh, I actually don't know of any groups that can help you. I've never dealt with it personally. And, you're on your own. Next segment. Let's make a fucking difference. So, I have an aunt, an aunt, if you will. Her name is Beverly. I call her aunt Bev, and she hit me up this weekend, basically begging me to shine some light on a particular subject and after some research I have decided to do so on behalf of my aunt Bev. So, thank you aunt Bev, shout out to my aunt Bev. She sent me this petitions on change.org and it's a, there's an issue in the state of Virginia involving animal testing and uh, more specifically, it's not really animal testing, it's, it's just, it, they kill the animals in different ways to experiment, right too, like, you know, make notes on how it goes down and shit. They're doing this with dogs in Virginia and a lot of people are very, very, very upset about this to the point that it is now like a national issue in my aunt's going nuts. Uh, long story short, it was announced a few days ago that in Virginia they're going to continue fatal experiments on dogs. It went to a vote or something. I guess the Congress enacted a law to defund Virginia's dog experiments in 2018. Uh, it looked like this was all going in a good direction back in March, and then now suddenly, maybe no, they're back to doing fatal experiments on dogs or something, but after reading into this a little bit, this is essentially my take. These experiments are fucking worthless, and the data collected from them in comparison to a living, breathing dog's life is stupid. And, this URL for this petition is just, if you, if you go to change.org and then search permanently stop abusive VA dog experiments, it's gonna pop up and uh, our, our, uh, <laugh>, that's never happened before. Our janitor just tried to come in. <laugh> That's how late it is. Point is go to change.org search, permanently stop abusive VA dog experiments. You're going to see this whole petition, uh, there's enough information probably on this page alone for you to make your own decision on whether or not you want to be a part of this petition. Uh, but I would urge you to Google this, this situation in Virginia because what ends up happening in situations like the, like the some idiot scientist has the idea they need this program where they kill dogs, in this case, here's what they do. According to news reports and the nonprofit white coat waste project, some of Virginia's current projects involve number one, giving mixed breed puppies heart attacks. They do this in Richmond, Virginia, number two, cutting into Beagle puppies brains. They do that in Milwaukee. Number three, damaging dog's spinal cords. They do that in Cleveland, Virginia. These are things that don't need to be done. And, I get it. Some idiot came up with the idea for this fucking program where you can experiment on these, on these dogs, these puppies, and then you're gonna, you're gonna. Learn about how to, whatev, nobody needs to learn this shit unnaturally. Look man, if a puppy has a heart attack, then study the puppy after the fact. You don't induce heart attack for shits and gigs. And if I don't, there's no circumstance that makes us okay, okay? I don't, I don't care if there's an overpopulation of dogs, I don't care if people are failing to get their pets spayed and neutered or whatever. I, oh, I do not care. There is a better way than whatever this is. This is stupid. 115 000 plus people have already agreed this is stupid. That's a very large amount. I would appreciate it if any of you that also agree with it being stupid. Go sign this petition and do something about it. The basic message of the petition is this; uh, killing dogs or science is bullshit, but that's not what it actually says. It says, As US military veterans, family members and active duty members were sickened that the department of Veterans Affairs, the VA, has been using taxpayer's money to purchase, breed, abuse and kill dogs in wasteful experiments, uh, so you're going to have to excuse me really quickly. I need to correct myself. Those three things I listed earlier that are happening in Richmond, Cleveland and Milwaukee. They all say VA after them. That's not Virginia. It's the Veterans Affairs that those are the cities, Cleveland, Ohio. Where's Milwaukee? What state is Milwaukee? Wisconsin. Thank you, Micah. And, then Richmond is in Virginia. There's also at least one or two other Richmond's, so maybe it's not the one in Virginia, I don't know. Anyway, this is the issue. It says, As US military families, family members and active duty members we're sickend that the department of Veterans Affairs, the VA has been using tax payers money to purchase, breed, abuse and kill dogs and wasteful experiments. So, purchase breed abuse and kill dogs in wasteful experiments. That's the issue. The VA's painful and deadly experiments on dogs or a betrayal of these loyal animals who literally saved soldiers' lives on and off the battlefield. These projects also wastes resources desperately needed to provide veterans with care and services, so if you feel like this is something, this is me talking again, Ross, if you feel like this is something you're passionate enough about to make a difference, it's time to make a fucking difference. Uh, whenever I find something that I feel like enough of you will care about to do something about, I'll do it. Let's make a fucking difference segment, and lay it out for you. And in this particular one, it's pretty fucking simple. It's if you're, if you're cool with this, all right, if you're not, which most of you won't be, go sign the petition or figure it out, protest if you're driven to do whatever you believe you have to do to get the change you think the world deserves, because that, I feel like that's such a fuck, a common issue with my generation is everybody's quick to point out the problems, but nobody knows how to act and, and, and, and solve them. We, we've got to get better at that. I, I know I do personally to like, I'm really good at pointing out the problems, but as far as solving them goes, it's, it's, it's harder. It's much harder to solve a problem than it is to point to it. So, if you're somebody who's got the time and energy and effort to put towards getting this, these uh, Veterans Affairs, the Department of Veterans Affairs to stop breeding, experimenting on and murdering dogs, go sign this petition on change.org, permanently stop abusive VA dog experiments. They're going for 150 000 signatures. It looks like, again, a lot of information on there. Let's make a fucking difference. Next segment. The beauty of voting. So, today is election day. I think in like nine minutes as of me reading this out loud, the poles are going to close or start to close and, and we'll start seeing the results of these. What is this, midterms? Yeah. Uh, in Texas they close at 7:00 P.M. Okay. So, it's about an hour away and a lot of places, no one's going to listen to this before that. Anyway. <crosstalk>. In Houston a lot of the poll places will actually be open late because they opened late this morning for certain reasons. Oh, okay. Okay. So, anyway. Yeah, you're right. I mean, it doesn't particularly matter because everybody's going to have listened to after the voting period is probably past, but it's important for future voting, uh, opportunities that you understand a lot of this shit and that's part of the reason I thought it would be important to do this segment because the point that gets driven into your brain from the second year in like third grade or preschool or whatever is that here in America, if you're an American listening, which of course a lot of you aren't, I understand that, but talking specifically to the Americans on the listenership side of things, here, you have a right that not everybody has a right, it's a right to choose who's going to make the decisions, very important decisions, uh, in your city, your county, your state, your country. If you choose not to take part in the system that elects, those officials, you forfeit all right to complaining about anything at all. And, I don't just mean complaining about like a politician specifically or the president or some new law. I mean period. You can just shut the fuck right up. If you don't vote, the whole system is run off of this. You see, this is how, this is how the whole country works, fam. If you don't go vote, it doesn't work, and that seems to be something that is lost on too many people, like the whole country was built on the concept that everybody gets a voice and gets to vote. Why would you not exercise that right? It makes no sense, and way too many people, especially people who smoke a lot of weed and play a lot of video games, and I'm looking at you and myself. You don't get off your fucking ass and go vote, and it sucks. It doesn't just suck because it's it, it, you're not taking advantage of an inalienable right, in, in, inalienable, unalienable? It's one of those two. It's not just that you're not taking advantage of this God given right that you were born into this place that you're blessed enough to have. It's not just that, it's literally you are negatively affecting the system by not participating in it, and it's, I understand that a lot of people's excuses. I don't know anything about the candidates. Edu, educate yourself then. It's, it's pretty the, what's his name? Al Gore invented the Internet just so we can educate ourselves about, about these fucking politicians and all with all the sleazy shit they're doing. Use the Internet. Read a newspaper one goddamn time like, dude, dude, this stuff is not hard to teach yourself about if you care enough to teach yourself and the point is long story, long segment short, short segment short, perhaps voting is very, very important. If you live in a country where you have the right to vote, you have to vote. It is an obligation. It is a right, if at some point down the road you'd no longer have that right, you're gonna feel really fucking for not participating when you had the chance. The whole system in my country, in the United States is based on voting and it has never been more clear than over the past 20 years how important it is for everyone to participate. So, just to drive home on election day for a few minutes, the beauty of voting, and how all of this works together to make us all one miserable country. Just participate. You have to participate. You have, I know it can be super hard when you're like 18 years old because I remember being 18 and the first time I went and voted not really knowing what I was doing and I didn't do any research, I just kind of voted with my dick, uh, which that doesn't even make sense. I voted with my gut. I'll put it that way. And uh, I mean when you're 18 it can be really hard, but as you get older, just try every year to become a little more educated about what's going on in your local government or your community or nationwide or whatever. And, if it's not for you, it's not for you and that's that. But if it is for you, maybe you end up being one of the people that makes a positive impact on the world eventually. So, get yourself into this shit. Educate yourself on these different people running for these different positions and what the positions do, and then go vote when you have the opportunity to vote. That is all, next and final segment. Micah's read of the week. Before we get to Micah's read of the week, I have one, I have one bone to pick. Pick, call this pick a bone. Micah has a bone to pick. Okay. First we're going to do Micah has a bone to pick. Thank you. It is with legendary Houston musician and superstar Beyonce Knowles. Oh, great. Beyonce, uh, posted on Instagram today at 16:00 central time, three hours before polls close. Supporting Beto O'Rourke. Okay. Wearing a Beto hat. Okay. Hey Beyonce, why did you do this? I don't get it. What do you, why are you upset about this? We had two weeks of early voting, Ross, and the polls closed in three hours. Oh, you mean why <crosstalk>- She could have posted this photo yesterday. What's funny is it's uh, it's actually three posts in succession of, one's a video of her wearing a hat. The second one is her doing the 'H' thumbs, they, the Houston, uh, you know, 'H' symbol with the Beto hat and there's a third. It's just kind of unnecessary. Interesting point though, Micah, that she makes the post a couple hours before the polls close. It's weird. Well, let me just be clear. I, I think most people listening know where, where I stand on most political issues. We don't normally do this, but it's election day. Fuck it. Yeah, you're a dirty liberal scumbag. Uh, yeah, liberal kuk. You are. Um, leftist, um, noted leftist, Micah. I, I really disliked at Ted Cruz- Kuk. And, I'll just put this out here. I know we have conservative listeners and I appreciate that and respect it. Ted Cruz has been a terrible center for the state of Texas, he has missed more votes than any other center. He spent more than half since he's been elected, he spent more than half of his time campaigning to run for president and he has the worst attendance of any United States senator since he's been elected. Not good at running for president. He is going to run for president again if not this cycle, then again, four, uh, six years from now, whatever. Now, that I do look forward to. It's very entertaining. Texas has a history. A lot of people don't like to talk about it because we're, we're proud people of uh, generating a ton of, uh, of money via Pork and bringing in projects, uh, thanks to government hand me downs, for lack of a better term. We used to have legislators that knew how to play the game and would bring back things that made life in Texas better. Okay. Ted Cruz has, has done none of those things and I would venture to say, uh, he, he would say that he was, uh, you know, elected six years ago to be a bomb thrower to change the way that Washington works, which I think that he did a to a certain extent. I'm not sure he actually accomplished anything. In fact, I'm pretty sure that we, we, it won't be very long. His list of actual legislative accomplishments is quite short, and I think he's done a poor job and I think it, um, uh, I would be, you know, the polls close in an hour, so nobody cares what I think here, but- Yeah, it's important. I, I support Beto. Okay. Uh, I don't think Beto is a perfect candidate. So, you're upset because Beyonce should have done this long ago? If Beyonce would have done this yesterday, it would've been nice- Would have made a big difference. Or, three weeks ago. That would have been great. Lebron James came to, to Texas and Moribito hat last week or two weeks ago, whenever. I understand your point. Just doing this three weeks, three hours before polls closed. It's just so dumb. It's, it's an odd move. Uh, if you, if, look, listen, I, I don't want the beyhive. I don't want any of that. Oh, God. Oh, man- Please, please- What if we upset the beyhive? Please do not come near me. I'm a huge Beyonce fan. I'm from Houston. She might as well be, uh, a goddess, but I do get Micah his point here. It makes no sense. An hour ago she put these up, these three posts in a row with three, you know, I, I guess the only, the first one actually has a, as a, a caption on it. It says, I'm feeling grateful for everyone before me who fought so hard to give us all the right to have a voice. We can't voice our frustrations and complain about what's wrong without voting and exercising our power to make it right. We need you. We all need each other because when we are truly united, we are unstoppable. Sending you all love and positivity on this happy voting day. Every vote counts. Every race matters, everywhere. Yeah, that's all true and that's pretty much what we just said. I guess we could have just gone with the Beyonce caption instead of just doing- Yeah, <crosstalk> to Beyonce. But- The timing is poor. Damn, the timing is shit, and maybe she's just busy, I don't know, but- She probably is busier than you and I. She has 110 million followers and in certainly if she wanted- Jesus. To have a bigger impact on the Texas senatorial race, she should have done that like a least yesterday, probably a few weeks ago. So, I don't know what that's about. That's, that's odd. But I do- Well, so there's my bone to pick with Beyonce and, and you know, and just, I just want to be clear. I'm, I'm, I would consider myself, even though people call me, left us kuk, I would consider myself a very moderate on most issues. And, my number one issue for lawmakers that my, my number one criteria, and it's something we talked about a minute ago, is people that actually do things, problem solvers. Like do your job? Well you, you were just saying it's hard for our generation to find people that do things- Yeah, that act, yeah- And, we don't, and Ted Cruz, in my mind, has been the least pragmatic politician that I've ever seen on a, on a, on a <crosstalk>- So, you don't like, you don't like dudes and get up to DC and then they fuck around with their own, all they're doing is working on, their, working their way up the ladder instead of working on their constituency. Yes. Okay. And I, I think that that's a fair criticism of Ted. It's a fair criticism of all politicians. And, I also feel like it's not, you know, I, like me say this, I don't believe Beto to be a perfect candidate. I have find him to be, um, a far too far left in my mind. Um, but that being said, I feel like he is excited to be a United States senator and help the people of Texas. I just want to legalize heroin. So, and then, you know, chances of us gaining weed as a nation- They would go up. They would go up. <crosstalk> would probably be good, and Beto has proven, uh, he's done a lot of stuff where he's gone on road trips with republicans, and, you know, met people and, and, and we're work, reach across the aisle. I know there are people yelling, no purity, all that stuff. We're, we're in a mess right now. So, that's why, that's where I am. I also say this now, an hour before the polls close. I am 100% confident, uh, Ted Cruz will win- Oh, yeah, oh yeah. And will again, run for president. No, he, Beto has absolutely no chance. And, again, do a very mediocre job for the state of Texas, but that's my bone to pick with Beyonce, Miss, Miss Carter, I guess. Before you do your read of the week though, I cannot wait personally as a guy who sits firmly in the middle and then also leans heavily towards entertainment as my, the political party that I, that I, uh, choose to affiliate myself with. I can't fucking wait to see Ted Cruz back in these debates. Hopefully with Trump again. I just need to see if it, even if it's just a replay of the last one, that was the funniest shit I've ever seen. I've never watched a grown man accused another grown man's dad of killing JFK on TV before. Like, shit like that doesn't happen very often. That's the other beauty of voting. We get to watch all these great debates between these morons that have worked their way up to the top. It's fantastic, and I love Ted for that. He may be horrible at his job. I don't really know. Frankly, I'm not. I'm not certain it's, I don't know that he has. I, I'm just going to leave it at that. I don't know, but I do know that I'm thoroughly entertained by his stupid face and actions, and I mean that completely outside of politics. I mean like, the other week he went to Bucky's, which is a gas station here- Yeah. If you're not aware of Bucky's, it's these massive gas stations that are essentially like a Walmart, but for gas, he went to a Bucky's, and picked up a twelver of shiner with a camera crew just so he could look like an everyday guy, and it was the funniest fucking thing ever. Like, and I get this, this segment, this shows in general, it's probably pissing off a lot of people. That sucks, man. If you let yourself get angry about the fact that I, I can enjoy laughing at both sides- Yeah, there's no doubt, Ted Cruz, uh, he, we make Ted Cruz jokes in this office like every day. He's the funniest walking human being in my opinion. He's, he's, there's something about, John Cornyn is our other United States senator. He's been a senator for a long time. Nobody, I guarantee nobody else in this office- I don't even know who he is- Yeah, nobody knows he's the United States senator. I need to educate myself. We're, we don't, we don't hate on Ted Cruz because he's ours. We hate on just because he's such a, his face looks like an unlit, unbaked loaf of bread and said that soup is the world's most perfect food, and he talked about Kaiso dripping down his chin. He's just absurd. It's visceral. And, and he's, he's done a lousy job in my view, but- Yeah, I, I don't know about the job part, I'm just saying he's funny as shit. And uh, I enjoy my, my politicians to be as cartoonish as possible. Yeah, he, he's, he's, he's definitely up there. Yeah. Well that's enough of Micah has a bone to pick. I hope Mike has read of the week is not political. Please God. Next segment. Micah's read of the week. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. All right, you know, this episode has been a bit of a downer. It's been some serious topics we've been talking about. Please be fun. It's not that fun. Dammit. But it, I, this is a good read. This one is entitled, it's from Texas monthly, some magazine here. It's entitled 'The hero of the Sutherland Springs shooting is still reckoning with what happened that day'. Okay. Let me read that one more time. Suther, Sutherland Springs. 'The hero of the Sutherland Springs shooting is still reckoning with what happened that day', if you go to Texas monthly and search a Sutherland, it'll pop right up. Sutherland Springs, uh, you, it's the top story on Texas monthly right now, actually. Uh, Sutherland springs. You may recall almost, I think it was a year ago yesterday, was the site of the worst mass shooting in Texas history. I believe there are 28 people dead. And uh, more than 20 of them were injured when a fucking madman took an AK, uh, an AR15, I'm sorry, an AR15 into a local church and started plowing people down. Men, women, children, families, the whole fucking deal. This is terrible. Okay, and I'm not, we, we will make, I'm going to make zero political, uh, uh, statements- Good. Please, please God. About this at all. It's terrible. Terrible, terrible, terrible. Now, one thing that happened here is something. There is a guy who is a plumber. His name is Steven Williford, Steven Williford. And, that's who this is about? That's who this piece is about. Steven Wilford was taking a nap. Uh, he's, I think it was an nap, either that or was working overnights, but he, he was asleep in his bed- One of the two. And, heard a tapping noise. His daughter came and said like, there's a shooting going on. He right, he went to his gun safe. He grabbed his AR15- Oh, shit. As well as another gun, ran to this church without shoes on. Screamed, Hey, at the top of his lungs, which he says he knew instantly it was a mistake and he shouldn't have done that because the last thing you want to do when somebody has a gun is give up your location. Right, right, right. But this, that instantly got a this madman to stop shooting and then he started firing at this guy. The guy gets in a car, uh, a waiting car and drives away, and then Williford grabs a dude who's, who's in a in a car waiting by for something else and says, let's go chase this motherfucker down, and then they go chase after the guy until he eventually dry, drives off the side of the road and he, you know, the guy ends up killing himself. The whole thing. It's a terrible story, but the way that it's told in this piece is truly excellent. Uh, Michael J. Mooney is the author, uh, it talks about that day, what happened, how crazy the circumstances are, how he exchanged fire, how he knew this guy had a, he hit him twice, but he knew that the guy had on tactical gear- Oh, okay. The, the murder, the murderous fuck had tactical gear and a bulletproof jacket put. He knew because he used to have friends who were in the military to shoot in the side, and shoot for the legs. So, he managed to slow this guy down enough and then chase after him, uh, while dodging gunfire. It's like something out of a, like the actual seven minutes that is portrayed in the writing of this piece- It's like 10 000 words. Right. It is, but it's very interesting- Dude, the- It's, it's really well written. And, like, I found myself like, like breathing heavy, just reading this story, even though I know how it ends. So, this, this guy Michael J. Mooney, uh, who again, I'm just Michael J. Mooney is the author of the, of the column. He, uh, he, uh, just the segments that I've been able to read while Mike has been talking here alone. Just an unbelievably descriptive job of, of forcing the reader to visualize exactly what's happening here. It puts you right in it. It's crazy as hell. And this is like, I love, I love stories like this where I mean, yes, it's, it's horrible that this is, you know, the subject matter is again, it's a mass shooting, but uh, it's not the happiest of things, but I love circumstances where human beings do extraordinary things. And, then someone like our boy here did uh, what's his name? Michael J. Mooney. No, he, yeah. He's the author, but- Comes along, and, and yeah, and interviews the guy who did something spectacular, Steven Williford and puts together a story of this magnitude that, uh, is just crazy. So, the first half of it is, is kind of a play by play of what happened. And then, and then it talks about how after he chases the guy out, he, there's a 27 year old named Johnny Lingerdorf who had driven down from Seguin 30 miles north to visit his girlfriend and was just at the intersection across from the street when he saw a gunman walk out and uh, and was firing at Williford. He dials 911 than Williford, who these people have never met, runs toward him barefoot and brandishing a warm air 15 and screams, That guy just shot up the church, we need to stop him, and so then they start a race and after the guy 90 miles an hour. So, the first half of this piece is just sort of the play by play of what happens. And, then the second half is really the most interesting part, because it goes into Williford's childhood and how he thinks that he was designed, like he'd been trained his whole life for that moment, even though he wasn't in the military- Right, right. He started shooting guns when he was five and, and uh, new people and trained his children and, and all sorts of crazy things. And then, plus, but at the end of the day, the guy's a plumber, a who had lived in this small town that his family had, had, uh, been a part of for seven generations. This is a small, a very small town, like less than a thousand people, and 26 people are dead in 20 or injured. Do you think he doesn't know every person inside that church? Of course he does. Right, he's going for, uh, yeah. So, you know. That's personal. But, so then the second half is kind of how, what has happened to him since then. He, he doesn't call himself a hero. He doesn't believe he's a hero, but at the same time, like clearly everywhere he goes, he's the guy who, who helped stop this thing. Yeah. And, then he also acknowledges that he's become this symbol that's bigger than him of, of the good guy with a gun. Right. Which is this sort of thing that's- It's a rare, rare symbol. It's a rare, it's the ultimate symbol. Yeah. This guy, and he did with am AR15. Right. It's like a perfect storm of like, I won't say like fantasy- It's gun rights stuff, no this is exact, yeah- But like, the NRA has pushed, after, after Newtown, Connecticut, uh, Wayne Lapierre said, the only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun. This guy from a small town who's a fucking plumber, not that there's anything wrong with plumbers, and who just walked out because he was napping because he'd been working overnight. It has become the ultimate good guy with a gun. Right. And so- Out of nowhere. He's embraced a lot of it, and a lot of it just at, at the same time, everyday people walk up to him and thank him for what he's done, and every time they do that, he has to relive the most horrible seven minutes of his life when he realized that his town is changed forever. Argh. And uh, so it's, it's a burden that he carries, his wife, like, and his family and everything else. Uh, he talks about his wife and his daughter and how this stuff has, has changed their whole life. And you know, and he still claims he's more of a survivor than a hero. Uh, anyway, it's a very interesting piece and I would encourage you to check it out. Go to Texas monthly, you'll see it. It's the top story. The hero of the Sutherland Springs shooting is still reckoning with what happened that day. Fascinating piece. Good Shit. And, that is yet another edition of Micah's read of the week. Now, in conclusion, first of all, thank you for listening to the show. And I know this one was maybe, maybe a little dark, maybe a little heavier than you expected. Uh, especially on a heavy day, election day, and uh, you know, sometimes that happens, I won't lie to you, this show, you know, I like to keep it light and funny as much as possible, but some days we're going to come in here and just get fucking serious and shred the whole world, and that's just the way it is. Um, but I try to balance it out as much as possible with laughs. So, hopefully tomorrow or the next episode, we do a RBP 104, I'll just make it super funny to balance out the universe with the Ying and the Yang of this depressing episode. Bring the comedy. Let's make some jokes. All right, but for this one, I appreciate you listening. If you would take the time to rate and review on apple podcasts, that would mean a great deal. We're also available on Spotify, uh, subscribe. I would love it if you would tell one friend or family member or neighbor or a coworker or any one individual human that you think would like to show, tell them about RBP, tell them to subscribe to the Ross Bolen Podcast. Uh, if you do those two things, I promise that I will continue to work hard to make the show. Good rate and review. Tell one person that's it. Follow the show on Instagram at the Rose Bolen Podcast, we're on Twitter at Ross Bolen pod. You can follow me, Ross Bolen on Twitter, Instagram, and Snapchat at wrbolin. Micah, where can the members of the RBP gang follow you? You can follow me on Twitter and snap and Instagram. Twitter and Instagram @micahwiener. M-I-C-A-G-H W-I-E-N-E-R, and exciting new development, Ross. There's a new Instagram account. It's called power plant picks. Wow. @powerplantpicks, and guess what I am team follow back. It's just, this is just you screaming, uh, sports bets. Right now the only content I have is um, is Dylan, uh video of Dylan Shivery breaking his leg, uh, grabbing a rim- Okay. In street clothes. And, uh, a discount code for PF Chang's, but uh- That's two interesting pieces of content, though. But future, in the future I will be providing my power plant picks of the week @powerplant pics on Instagram. And, I am team follow back. <laugh> Nobody needs to know that your team follow back. Go to rowdy gentlemen.com. Grab a gang cubed shirt. Use RBP 30 for 30% off. Uh, I would remind you this is no nap shaming November. And, if in fact our good guy with a gun was napping in this story, which I have yet to confirm or deny, it just even more beautiful that it's no nap shaming November. Anyway, RBP 30, 30% off. Rowdy Gentlemen, we will catch you next time on episode 103, RBP 103, thank you for listening. Thank you for supporting the show. Follow us at the Ross Bolen podcast on Instagram, @rossbolenpod on Twitter. Fuck, Facebook. RBP 103 coming soon. Peace be with you. And, also with you. RBP 104, 104, this is 103, 104. 