Hey guys! This week's episode of The Read has been brought to you by Talkspace, the online therapy company that let's you message a licensed therapist from anywhere at any of the times. Talkspace platform has over 2,000 licensed therapists who are experienced in addressing life challenges that we all face, and boy are we facing them. So, to match with your perfect therapist for a fraction of the price of traditional therapy, go to talkspace.com/read and use the code read to get $45 off of your first month and show your support for the podcast. Now let's start our show. Okay, are you ready? As I'll ever be. What do you mean he don't eat no meat? Okay, next. Why you want to leave me? <laugh> No, nothing's happening. Okay, last one, are you ready? Yep. Are you sure? Yes. Tula, there are two kinds of people. Greeks, and everybody else who wish they were Greek. I'm guessing this is, uh, My Big Fat Greek Wedding? Wow, I'm mad you had to guess, but yes it is. That movie is so funny. I've never seen it. <unk:giggles> Oh my God! No, don't fuck around, you have to watch that. I swear, it's like, that family, they're, it's like watching niggas, except they're Greeks. <laugh> Okay But the way they interact with each other, pure nigger. She has like 13 cousins, they all some variation of Nick, <laugh> like you have to watch it. It's so funny! <laugh> I have never watched this movie. You know how black people, black people love to give all they kids the same name or like the name to play off they daddy's like Dramajesty… <laugh> Ri- <laugh> Yes, like Dramajesty. You have to watch it, it's so funny. Okay, sure. I'll definitely rent that, and just go ahead and give it a little- Yeah, Peek. I stumped you, yay. Don't watch the sequel. Just watch the first one. Oh yeah, I did hear nothing nice about the sequel. No, there was nothing nice to say. <laugh> But the original is very good. There's that. Well guys, welcome back to The Read, I am Stefflon Don. And I am Sharice Davids. <unk:deep_breath> another week- Ooh, so fun. Here we are alive and… mm-hmm <affirmative> Well <unk:giggles> <laugh> We <inaudible> Alive and well, but alive and… well Doing as well as can be expected. <unk:deep_sigh> <unk:giggles> Black excellence this week now we have things to celebrate. We do, there's some good news. Okay, thing- nice things happened. Yes they did. First of all, I would like to give honor to some black woman who have stepped their game up in sexed their <inaudible> <laugh> Oh, really! <laugh> Really! <laugh> Okay, so- What is wrong with you? <laugh> Thanks to some diligent voters, they got some women to give honor to first of all, Queen Jahana Hayes, first black woman and first black Democrat elected to Congress from Connect-i-cut. Ain't that some shit? <unk:giggles> Okay, Ilhan Omar… mm-hmm <affirmative> First Somali-American to enter Congress as well as one of two of the first Muslim women or Muslim-Americans- Yup. Uh, that's her and I think the other woman's name is Rashida Tlaib. So, Ahh, I can double check, but… Minnesota, shout out to st Olaf getting the votes in being her Leticia James the first African-American to be elected Attorney General in New York, not old york, but the new one. Juliana Stratton is the first black lieutenant governor of Illinois. Ayanna Pressley is the first black woman to be elected to Congress from Massachusetts, but we discuss that here she just is in her official beat continuing to look good. <laugh> Yes. <laugh> Veronica Smith-Creer- <laugh> I can't The first woman and first African-American to be elected as Mayor of El Dorado Arkansas. Lauren Underwood, the first woman, first African-American to be elected to represent Illinois 13- 14th Congressional District. Mary Ann Wilders Vivians, she's the first African-American woman to be elected as Mayor of Carthage Mississippi. <laugh> Wow! Good luck. Paula Dan- <laugh> You're so stupid. Paula Dance became the first African-American woman to be elected as Sheriff in Pitt County North Carolina. This is beautiful. Rachelle Rollins is the first African-American woman to get elected as District Attorney of Suffolk County Boston. So thank you again to, because of them we can, for just breaking down all of these amazing black women- Yes… who have been elected to new seats, thanks to the voters who came out and showed out. Also, you may have heard of the 19 black women who are new judges in Texas. Boh, boh So let's just uh- Shout out to Houston. <laugh> 19… Nigga… 19 black female judges, all 19 won last night! So Harris County is apparently like blue now. Because all of their District Judges are Democrats. Yeah, well it's been blue for a while, but right. Right, so- This will mean that black people actually get a fair shot in court. Third largest county in the US. Yes it is, because I mean Houston is massive, there's a lot of niggas in the Houston area. There's a lot of Houstons. There is, there's, I mean it's a massive city, so, I'm not at all shocked that it's the third biggest in the country, and I am just so glad to see this happen. Shout out to Texas, I know you all are disappointed in the Senate race but… Right. You know, a lot of the victories last night were local, you know, there were like city and, and statewide victories as opposed to stuff that's on the national level and that means you niggas went out and voted! And I am so glad and I'm so proud of you, so thank you! Sandra Peake, Judge Ramona Franklin, Judge Mary- Maria Jackson, Germaine Tanner, Angela Graves-Harrington, Sandra Hallman, Tonya Jones, Dedra Davis, LaShawn Williams, Latosha Lewis Payne, Linda Dunson- Yes, say her name- Toria Finch, Erica Hughes, Lucia Bates, Ronnisha Bowman, Yes. Michelle Moore, Sharon Burney, Shannon Baldwin, and Lori Chambers Gray. Wooh! Hallelujah! Black girls judging things. <laugh> Sound like… And people. It's just, it's really a beautiful thing the picture of all them- Yeah. Standing there like… <crosstalk> Fuck up in Harris County, and go see me, bitch. <laugh> I really love it. <laugh> I would love to hang that- this photo up in my house but then I don't go to scho- maybe if I was like in law school- Scholarly type of person <laugh>- I would. Even somebody who just enjoyed reading law books and things. Terms like, uh, on a Different World. We'll get to more- fff- wwe- I'm gonna circle back around to that for real, <inaudible> black excellence there. Okay. Um, the first female rapper to be inducted, or possibly- or nominated, to be inducted into the 2019 Songwriter's Hall of Fame- Is of course… the one and only- Of course! the unmatched- of course! <laugh>… the incomperable- <laugh> That's it! Melissa… Missy Misdemeanor Elliot. The one and only, I would like for you girls to understand what I'm talking about right here. This Songwriter's Hall of Fame, if and when inducted, Missy will sit next to two other rappers in this group, named JayZ and Jermaine Dupri. What all- you other girls and your paltry arguments, like- We don't care, we don't care! I'm so unconcerned, just completely unmoved. I would like you to understand where my stand lies, or my stanning lies. Right, that's right. and understand when I have been trying to impress into you dizzy hoes, from so many episodes, what I'm talking about when I discuss this legend. Y'all gonna keep playing around like she- <sigh> You just gonna give Missy her mutha fuckin things, that's it. One way or the next- Period. you're going to give honor to an icon- That's right. a legend, an innovator, a creator, a being. Period. The Songwriter's Hall of Fame- well you girls… let me just close my Macbook. That's not even something you new girls can even do. While you girls are out here to discussing who's writing a raps and who's not and things like that, Oh shit. Momma is out here- Tell em. getting ready to sit alongside the Hall of Fame of Songwriters, not simply for Rap. mm-hmm Writing music, period. I would like to remind you girls that Melissa has written for all of the girls across genres. Your favorite's favs, have hit records… written by… Missy Elliott. I'm tired, I don't have anything else. I'm- I'm not gonna keep going back and forth with y'all. And it's a lot of your favs, it's a whole lot of them. <unk:giggles> Like many of your, in fact, some of your favs, favs. My God, my God, today! Some of your favs, favs- I can't <unk:giggles>… favs, have Missy songs! I'm tired! We're not going to keep doing this. Some of the girls that you stand for look up to icons, that look up to icons, that have Missy Elliott written songs. Shut the fuck up about mine! Moving right along. Amen. I would also like to, first of all, you know, um, before I get into my very last one, I'm going to circle back around to A Different World. I know briefly, at one point, many episodes ago, I discussed something I was calling like roses, or whatever, so we just pass out occasionally, roses to niggas that deserve them. Oh. I didn't really do much of it. <laugh> Right. Okay. But I think I'm just gonna dive into that when it's on my spirit, and on my spirit today has been, um, the desire, uh, to honor one Cree summer- Yes. just because… mm, mm, mm, mm An incredible impact, man. <sigh> All I will say is that if you h-have <laugh>, if you have watched anything animated, play the video game- Yes <laugh>… seen an animated film- Yes. anything that requires voice acting, Cree Summer, greatest of all time. The girls in- if she hasn't been a part of it, which, she probably has, I won't even go down the list, you know what I'm saying? <crosstalk> Cree, she, Cree has one of those pages where if you go to Wikipedia, like her main page, you have to click on like, list of, like it d- they don't even have the, you have to go to a separate Wikipedia page- Just for the list <laugh>… so that they can give her, her honor and glory. We're not even gonna play the games. Yes <laugh> Anything you've watched, Cree's been there. Yep. And the girls who are within the voice acting realm, they give Cree her due diligence, okay. They take one of their stripes off, and they bow down, and they hand it over. So we can just start with, we can start with Freddie, like we can start with A Different World, and all of the legendary things that have taken place on that particular program, but what we're not going to do, is act like she hasn't been making stamps across the entire entertainment genre, ever since like, entering the entertainment industry. So I just wanted today to talk about the magnitude that is Lady Cree, and how much she has meant to me as a nerd, being the… I have enjoyed cartoons, I have enjoyed animation from childhood and still today, video games from childhood and still today. Cree… Inspector Gadget, Tiny Toons, Rugrats Rugrats, <laugh> The Proud Family Right, you just can't deny Cree Summer, nigga. Clifford You just can't. You just can't. Codename: Kids Next Door What made you think of her? You must have been watching A Different World earlier. No, I don't even remember why, I think that I was um, maybe I was watching something… oh what was I, I think I was watching like, oh, you know what? I was watching the Batman, the animated series that came out in the 90s. 'Cause they just put it out on- like a box set on Blu-ray. And I don't even know if I was watching an episode that she was in, I think I was thinking about how much I miss the original voice of Harley Quinn, and through somehow that I just came back to Cree Summer and all of th- I mean like just… mm-hmm She's and underrated and seldom appreciated Disney princess. One of the most underrated animated Disney films Atlantis Lost Empire. Oh, see, no. Cree was th- just give her her things. Give her her things. I love that you're just in a black woman standing mood today. Last, but not least, I would like to give honor to this black girl, I don't know her name, um, I think her name on Twitter was Quran or something like that, let me find her- her- her actual Twitter page. But the black girl who scammed a couple you Maga bitches out of your money by pretending to be Maga as well. <laugh> What is her name? I don't know, but I saw that story too, and I cried! It was funny because is- somehow it's <crosstalk> some niggas was like- Okay, like her Twitter, it says chckpeas without the i in chick, and it says reformed republican now. So basically- Reformed, my ass! <laugh> Girl! Momma put on a Maga hat and said her parents sneaked her out and then she, you know, just completed supported Trump et-cetera, et-cetera, and she needed money to pay tuition. Got a couple of bucks from some dumb ass Republicans, that obviously, you know, love any moment to lift up a black Republican or someone who seems like black and rights are all rights, and so she made a couple of like, I heard that the actual number was exaggerated, but- Yeah, She said she only got a couple of hundred dollars, and she refunded it all. And yeah, she was like, I don't even want the money, but her point was proven, and that finessed you all hoes and that's it. But anyways, after… after, a couple of hours after the money came in she Tweeted, Trump is a racist homophobic trans phobic bigot, and you think my black ass would support that rotting carrot? Great use. Ridiculous any black person can put on that ugly ass hat and say Maga and y'all would instantly be up their ass because you wanna prove so hard you're not racists. So, to Chckpea <inaudible> Yeah, shout out to you, girl. You get a little black honor from me on today. And that- Where did you find a Make America Great Again bucket hat, girl? A bucket, bitch! Where did you find that? <laugh> because I need to know bitch! <crosstalk> Where, where where! <unk:giggles> I have never seen a Maga bucket. <laugh> This was funny on so many levels. It was, it was. And the fact that, like racist white people really gave money to a random girl on the internet because she had on this red and white hat. Like this li- Point proven. Y'all hoes, dumb. Even if it's only two hundred dollars, that's two hundred dollars that y'all just gave- <laugh> I don't get it. <laugh> Just because you thought she was as hateful and dumb as you are. Hmm Well shout out to you, I think her name is Quran. I don't kn- I think that was her name on, I don't know if that's her real name or not. Q-U-R-A-N- Oh, that's just the name she used on Twitter. Yeah I think that's like her Twitter name, I don't think it's her real name. Well that's smart. <laugh> That's very smart don't put your real name with that bullshit but, yeah. That was funny as hell. Wah, that about wraps up today's Black Excellence, let's just slide things on over into our pop-ish segment, it's just called Hot Tops. No Country for Old Bottoms. First up- That's the rule in the club. I mean isn't it? It's like a real, real life thing, yeah. It's posted right there when you walk in. <laugh> Yeah, on all the apps. Let her know, what's up. Personally I don't mind a little salt and pepper, you know? Me neither, because them niggas be buying bottles. <crosstalk> bullshit. <laugh> They been through things, they've seen shit. They just wanna take care of somebody. <laugh> You like to be at the house. Okay. Um, okay so first up, um, this week's Tooted or Rebooted, a couple things to discuss. So apparently there some um, new big wig over at Nickelodeon who is discussing desire to bring back All That. Um, and so I would like to take this time to say um, fuck that. Um, I'm not interested, now I know that I, um, glazed over a lot of y'all's concerns for Clueless last week, that's fine. All That I would just like to say this doesn't need to happen, All That was an era, All That is over. All That gave us… so many talents- Yes. true talents. Truly did. Many, many of them still exercising those talents today. mm-hmm <affirmative> That's right. You know, so… this is gonna be like- they're gonna have to do some deep, deep searching for people who have really ha- you know what I'm saying, I wanna- if you're gonna make an All That, you have to have mutha fuckas that you're just like, this kid is gonna like, this kid is gonna be famous when they're forty. mm-hmm <affirmative> Like they're gonna still be- I can see this person still doing it, they got it. The way that I looked at Marsai when she was like in the first season- Yes… of Blask-ish, and I was like, this little girl has timing, she like- That <crosstalk> is a star. knows, sh- she gets comedy. Yeah, she gets comedy. <laugh> You better lawyer up friend. <laugh> Right, like- <laugh> She's just good! And I'm sure those types of people are out there, but I don't- I, give it a successor. Didn't we talk bout this as well? mm-hmm <affirmative> mm-hmm Just make another, like sketch comedy show that's called something else, why it gotta be called All That? All That jumped the shark when it was on. You remember that last season- Yeah. that nobody cared about? No, I don't. No, I don't. Because I just now found out that it stayed on til 2005, and I know I didn't- wasn't Watching it in 2005! Damn! I didn't know it went that long, my nigga! <laugh> Yes! <laugh> All That just got canceled. <laugh> Two th- <laugh> You know what- Nigga! I didn't know it was that long! Like a 2018 version of All That, is basically wild en out if you added some skits to it. And I don't even think kids give a fuck about skits, you know? Like if- we're in a totally new age, children are living on social media these days, I think the concept of wild en out is more with kids are into. I just don't think we- there's a need in the television landscape for a reboot of All That. I don't think so either. I don't think so, because like, a bunch of young comedians are already on <inaudible> show. That was so 90s as well. Yeah. From the musical guests, the theme. Oh and the musical guests, what you gonna bring in that Tekashi boy with the tattoos on his face? Oh no… no, no. Right, who's gonna- there's jus- bi- no. Let All That be, All That, and just do something else. If you just so badly want to make another, you know, young adult, sketch comedy show or whatever, call it something else, please. I don't want to, I don't, I don't need another All That… at all. I agree. None, none for me. But, thanks for the offer they're rebooting Shrek, apparently that's official. This one confuses me since Shrek just came out, and they made about six of them. How do y- what you been, reboot? Right, do you me- it's another sequel? Like, there- there can't be… I'm guessing the'yre gonna start all over, that's usually what reboot means. So like a whole new story with the exact same characters? Yeah. I- mmm- what? <laugh> Wasn't the last Shrek movie like maybe 4 or 5 years ago? Uh… Like the last Shrek movie just came out. Just make another Shrek if it- if you wanna make another Shrek so bad. I just am so… Why start over? Does that mean we're not gonna get Eddie Murphy and we're not gonna get Michael Meyers? Okay, so I'm looking an article in Cinema Blend that says it is not a full scale reboot, they wanna keep Mike Meyers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, and other members of the original cast. I mean that's the very least you can do. Right, um, the goal is to find a way to introduce this franchise to a new audience. Why? That audience is not the people who saw the film back in 2001, but a new generation of children. You can't just- You can still watch Shrek! Right, what you can't just show the DVD? What? What do you mean? They can't- they- these niggas can stream it. Ain't they on uh, the Hulu or, uh, what's the other one? Netflix, Amazon, it's on something, I know it's gotta be. I think that there's a bunch of Shreks on Netflix. I just don't- I think so. I don't get the point of this? I really don't. But, alright. It is sincerely like- Whatever y'all wanna do. Like, okay, let's say you were born in 2001, right, and you just decided to have a baby s- super soon. <laugh> <laugh> No, that isn't it. <laugh> Alright, let's go for a different uh, different scenario. Because your baby can't be old enough to watch Shrek. Let's just say that you just had a baby. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. and your baby is wha- in terrible twos. Okay. Why don't you show like- I would be playing my baby Shrek. You know like it's right- <laugh>… I mean among the- probably Incredibles 2 and all the new shit and stuff like that, but, are you kidding? I'm absolutely playing my baby the shit I watched. The original Shrek, like 'cause- you're gonna love it, bitch, it's still funny as hell. It's still great! Right. So… So, and I already like it, so my old ass is gonna queue it up of you nigga, like that's what we watching. Who among us didn't watch our parents' old TV shows or movies or listen to they old ass music, actually, a lot more likely. Hello, okay, right. That's a definite. No choice. 'Cause we didn't have movies and shit on the <crosstalk> back then, but them old ass records, nigga. <laugh> them 8 -tracks and cassette tapes, nigga. <laugh> Whoa! I mean, but my nigga, when I was a kid like my first Disney movie was Bambi. Would you like to know when it came out? Way before me. Like, <laugh> I don't know… I don't know why we have to remake this movie it just came out. Like why can't you- Oh, holy shit. Bambi came out in 1942, I had no clue. It was just re-released, so many times. <laugh> Yes, all of those movies, that we watched when we were children were wild older- older than a lot of our parents. Yeah. Like Lion King was fresh, The Little Mermaid wasn't crazy old, I think The Little Mermaid came out in the 90s- It used to have a way more disturbing story though. The Little Mermaid? Yeah. Oh yeah, the Little Mermaid's original story was all fucked up. The real story behind that is like, I think it's a lot more violent. Ariel definitely dies- Right. <laugh>… maybe commits suicide and turns into like- It's something a lot worse-… sea foam than the- yeah. Yeah, it's all fucked up. But a lot of the Disney movies that are based on fairy tales or old books, the originals are fucked up. Yes. Like really fucked up. Right, definitely. But Disney was like no girl, we wanted to be all you know, marketable. I mean and I love those songs, you know you gotta kiss de girl. <laugh> Ohh, slow down. <laugh> You know all my accents sound exactly alike, right? Yeah, um, So yeah, I'm not really here for either one, this just sounds like a new Shrek movie, in which case don't call it a reboot. It's the exact same actors. How is it a- okay, sure girl. Just make another Shrek! Right. Just make a-fuckin-other one! I don't get this. Why do we need to start over? Shrek is absolutely a movie that I could just sit down and watch the first Shrek just because I want to. Right. So like wh- why start- I don't need a whole new Shrek story- I don't. I'm confused. I don't really understand what they're trying to accomplish there. Speaking of which, not a reboot, not a remake, but an official sequel, Bad Boys 3 is actually happening, for real, for real in real time. Okay. Martin Lawrence and Will Smith took to the social medias to make it official, Bad Boys For Life is due out… is it next year or the year after? 2020 is what I'm seeing. Yeah. Bad Boys For Life January 2020. So they are shooting at the moment, I believe. Yeah, that make sense. I think they're supposed to be wrapping from what I read some time around March. My concern for this um, had really nothing to do with the time or anything. I think that both Will and Martin are plenty uh, prepared to give what we need- right, <laugh> I don't how I'm trying to word this. You know what I'm saying, like, Will Smith can still be the great looking action star, Martin can still be the funny nigga who can't deal with this nigga, right. With the one liners, yeah. The old Kevin Hart. That's how the kids is gonna be like, <laugh> the kids gonna be like, oh is this like Kevin Hart's daddy? <laugh> Just carve my heart out of my chest. Yeah, because I know how you feel about Kevin Hart, and I know how you feel about Martin. <laugh> I don't mind Kevin Hart anymore. What? You know. Okay. I never thought that Kevin Hart was funny like on the spot. I never- I was late to his uh, stand-ups and stuff. So I was introduced to Kevin through acting first, like roles, and then through him hosting everybody's ceremony or award shows. Oh yeah Remember when Kevin was hosting every fucking thing? Yes, I do. And so, award show banter and like on the spot stuff, I just didn't think that he was very good at, and yeah, it's bad just in general. And so I was just always under the impression that Kevin Hart was not as funny as niggas made him out to be, but his original stand up was really, really good. It was. So, I appreciate him more now as a comic than I did like years ago, but Martin don't- <laugh> okay, I know how you feel. It's just apples and oranges. Apples and oranges. I'm not gonna get started. I hope they do bring Gabrielle Union back though. Oh that would be lovely. she needs to make some kind of appearance, you know, a cameo, something. Just be part of it somehow. I would love to see Gabrielle Union's um, beautiful skin being kissed by the Miami Rays again, that would be nice if it takes place- Wild how she's like, still just as fine. Gabrielle Union has not gotten any less fine since that movie came out. If they did a Bring It On sequel that took place a year later, she could just reprise her role. Right. <unk:giggles> My niggas! Here I am again. I'm back, right. Still on the Clovers. And I am still 16 years old. And she con- she continuously talks about being older than them girls when she shot it. <laugh> Right. And just being like- Oh well… here I was like 28… paying insurance and stuff for all these children. <laugh> It's okay though, because you fine. Right, um, so my main concern for this was going to be ar- was um, who's writing, who's directing. mm-hmm <affirmative> Michael Bay directed the first two Bad Boys films. Michael Bay I think is one of those directors that like has a very distinct style, like if you tell me Michael Bay is directing uh, an action film, I kinda know what I'm in for. Okay And in many of those cases, I've enjoyed what I was given, so… I just looked him up on Wikipedia, he has done a lot of big movies. Yeah. A whole lot. Yeah, a bunch. Okay. Um, lots of explosions, so- Yeah a lot of blowing shit up. lots of pyrotechnics, in the name of Michael bay. mm-hmm <affirmative> Um, so, the people who are uh, directing this new one, ohh I'm gonna fuck their names up, Adil El Arbi and Bilall Fallah, sorry if I- I probably massacred that, y'all know I'm sensitive about mispronouncing people's names. Right. Um, so, they directed episodes of Snowfall and F/X which I believe is um, a well received show, I think a lot of people enjoy Snowfall, I haven't watched it, I know y'all are gonna give me grief for it, but I haven't seen Snowfall yet. mm-hmm <affirmative> Um, and then apparently there's a Beverly Hills Cop 4 that's happening as well which I didn't know- Beverly Hills Cop? Now those movies came out when I was a child. Yeah, like a- that's I- <laugh> Beverly Hills Cop is a little- Yeah, that's '84 <crosstalk>… yeah, a little before me. <laugh> Wait, so how… so with Eddie Murphy and… you know what, never mind. They were attached to Beverly Hills Cop 4 in one way or the next <crosstalk> Okay, alright. They're directors? So, cannot judge they're lined up to be directing the Bad Boys For Life film. Okay, got you. Cannot judge, not familiar with what y'all have done. However, I know that I enjoyed Bad Boys, I know that I enjoyed Bad Boys 2 very much. I have seen Bad Boys 2 so many times- mm-hmm <affirmative> It's actua- Bad Boys 2 was one of those movies that like, if it's on, I'll actually just sit there and watch it. Yeah Or, I'll just let it be on while I'm doing something else. Or I just like- I don't- I j- I really like that movie, I guess. Anyway- I mean it is really good, so I don't know how I feel about this, it's just like, you know, when you change up a director, in the middle of a franchise whatever, can go one or two ways, you know, especially when it's a director that we know, that we probably like, or that's very cl- it's like, you know, it's like, it's like a Jurassic Park movie that's not directed by Steven Spielberg. Oh wait, anyway… so, Wait, did they do that? I don't pay attention to- Honey… who, I don't pay attention to the action movies so- I think Jur- I think sti- Steilberg, Steilberg, I think Spielberg did like the first two Jurassics, and then the rest happened. Oh no, so did you see the one with Kevin Hart and uh the Rock? That's Jumanji. Oh, my bad, okay, never mind. Just kidding! <laugh> Alright, let's- let's just move on. <laugh> Like I said… So, there's like, um, someone who leaked alleged details of the plot or like a synopsis for the film, should we just- should we talk about it or is that spoilers? Uh, well it might be spoiler the nerds are gonna be like, oh no. It's not like you can easily Google if you wanna know what it's about, it's not like giving away too much of the plot. But if it's true this sort of gives a run down of what you can expect the movie to be about so I won't say anything because why, and I don't know, I don't wanna be sued. They may change it anyway. Yeah, they may change it anyway, so who knows. But I'm going much like Clueless, I'll be there. Of course. Just hoping for the best. <laugh> yes. Hope Martin can keep up with Will. Uh, um, so, do we ever talk about Larsa Pippen cheating on Scottie Pippen? I feel like way long time ago when it first happened, and we laughed because… didn't she like take her new nigga's money and then went back to Scottie, or s- took Scottie's money and then went with a new nigga? It was something, it was something like that. Larsa's just out here doing whatever the fuck she wants and her <inaudible> honey so, Let me tell you something. <laugh> Okay. It's in here Larsa Pippen uh, had an affair last year, got caught, uh, the affair was with Future. Oh, right. And Scottie Pippen took her back, that's what it was. Yeah. That's what it was. She went back into the house, they were seemingly working on things. Well, all that's out the window because Lady Larsa, wh- ooh that sounds like a Game of Thrones name. It does. Lady Larsa has officially filed for a divorce. Um, she reported to TMZ. Like if- like of all the- <laugh> She checked in with TMZ <laugh>- like why would you, if all- anyway, okay. Because she follows in the Kardashian's footsteps. I was literally, this is for all my friends, I was literally goi- that's where I was going. Yeah, and that's, I mean look at her! They're friends. Is that not Kim Kardasian's outfit? Wow. Is that not her whole face? Wow. <laugh> Like Oh my God! <laugh> Right! <laugh> This is what she does. Wow! She looks just like that bitch. That very much l- gives me like, at your home girl's house and your like, You don't want this dress? And she's like, let her have it. Yes, they gonna just start trying on each other's clothes. This whole outfit is from Kim's closet, that's her make-up artist, her hair stylist, all that shit. She probably got her titties contoured like Kim and everything. She told TMZ, It is with deep sadness that Scottie and I announced that we legally separating. Why isn't it just you announcing, but whatever. We have both tried very hard for a long time to make our marriage work and have ultimately come to the conclusion that it is best that we live separate lives. We have so many amazing memories together, remain best of friends, and love each other very much. You think that she was pouring like codeine into the cup as she was- As she was saying this, yeah, probably so. Our four children have always been our priority- Damn, four kids. I mean, They're not young. Yeah I don't imagine <crosstalk> Scottie and Larsa gotta be in their mid to late 40s. <inaudible>… Larsa, yes. Our four children have always been- <laugh> no you ain't, no you right! <laugh> 'Cause Scottie Pippen is every bit of 53. <laugh> Okay. You right. Thank you for being a friend. We have so many amazing memories together, remain best of friends, and love each other very much. Uh, our four children have always been our priority and for their sake we ask for as much privacy as possible for our family during this sensitive time. Of course, the internet dragged her anyway. Right. So she hopped on IG, and gave us the following story. People are so insen- s- people are so incentative, incentitive, to my life, She meant that. I'm a lover and will never say anything negative about him, bitch. M- she didn't put the bitch there. My soul isn't <laugh> built for negativity. I'll take a beating publicly people saying I cheated when believing, believe me… punctuation marks- They matter a lot. they have jobs, and they're so important. <laugh> They're so, so important. They do a lot. You just have to have them. They do a lot. <sigh>. Okay, where was I. It wasn't like that. No, so okay. Saying I cheated, when believe me it wasn't like that. He was nowhere around. I cried oceans after him. I would do anything for him. <sigh>. People saying I'm a- a gold digger is insane. I don't care about money. I've had it my whole life. Larsa is seeking spousal support. Of course <laugh>. I spent my b-day, New Year's Eve, times when I needed him alone. See 'times' is capitalized, so I wasn't sure if- <laugh>. at some point I decided I had to live my- Stop. truth and here I am. So, in short, Larsa wants half of the things. <laugh> of course. Um, probably as well as a full, uh, collection of Kylie lip fillers- mm-hmm <affirmative>. or the money for said fillers. Yup. Um, maybe some future Nikki tickets. <laugh>. And- Okay. respect. Because you bitches don't know the whole story. Okay. That nigga wasn't there for her when she needed him to be, okay, and she had to toast and take, uh, selfies by herself- Okay and it was sad. on December 31st. It was sad. You don't know her fuckin' plight, okay, before you get to judging bitch. You know what? I actually don't even belie- I'm sorry that I got caught up in her Instagram, but it's literally just her posing with the Kardashians all the time. I mean I don't expect her to do much. Listen. Larsa Pippen is clearly a woman who, um, is very nice to look at and has decided that she wants to be taken care of, and honey- Oh my god, her baby-… and be pretty and at the parties. Her baby is on Dancing with the Stars, Juniors. Have you seen that? I I I watched one of the episodes. I can't watch the junior competition show. It's hard because the kids are like <sigh>- Kids. Right. So it's like, you don't wanna be like ooh that's trash. Unless everybody wins I don't wanna watch it. <laugh>. <laugh> I hate it. <laugh>. I can't watch those kids. Like 'Master Chef, Junior' and shit. Oh god. Yeah <laugh> it's too much stress. Burn me from the neck down <laugh>. <laugh>. Right? I cannot, I become so bad when they lose. Anyways- Oh, this bitch is boring. She's just boring. Yeah, I don't… whatever. And I don't believe all this about not looking for money. I'm like girl it's all about money. And that's fine, you have four kids by an NBA superstar. I mean I can believe that you weren't, you know, probably receiving the emotional support or whatever, you weren't having certain emotional things reciprocated, because niggas are still niggas when they're still niggas. Right. Of course. You know what I'm saying, but if you tryin' to get me to believe that you don't care about money and- See that's where you lost me. all of that or whatever. See I don't give a… like you can still get your bad. I'm not gonna, like- Right. I personally. Right. Like me. Right <laugh>. I know that's probably <laugh> like- <laugh>. It's probably useless in the grand scheme of things, because I wouldn- I would never take myself to Larsa Pippen on social media on purpose. So I'm sure- Yeah, no, I regret this. that loads- loads of people are- are behaving the opposite, but I don't care about you taking in the <inaudible> bag whether you didn't like him or not, personally. Right. No I mean you gave birth to most of his kids <laugh>. I just saw on Wikipedia he has seven, so you got almost, you got over half, so that's pretty good. The reigning baby mama. That's <laugh>- And don't you fucking forget it. Goddam bitch <laugh>. Okay? I- she just, you know, just say that you turn on the TV on Christmas and he was courtside with Rhianna, and you couldn't believe it and it was like, wow you gotta be- Wow! you gotta be fucked up. And so you left that nigga, like <laugh>… the rest of this we just don't- First of all- <laugh>. <unk:Karrueche> is great. Yes she is. Victor's ready to propose- That's what I'm saying. they're saying. Karreuche left that nigga and look. Klaus is great. Shit has been looking up, okay. Shit is poppin' up roses over there with Karrueche <laugh> so maybe the same thing… She's got a little bit more time than Larsa, but- What happens to the <crosstalk> that's true, because you know she's quite young. But still, this, you know, just say that you're leaving him because he didn't give you enough attention and that was that. She was on 'The Real Housewives of Miami' <laugh>. Mmm. Shout out to something I have, I don't recall ever watching. <laugh> I never gave a fuck about that show. 'Real Housewives of Miami'? See I'm thinking Basketball Wives. Uh, o only thing I know about The Real Housewives in Miami is that one of the- that's the one where one of the mamas looked like Animal from The Muppets. But I don't know Oh yeah, I don't know none of these bitches. anything else about it. Joanna? Well. Adriana? Lisa? Marysol? Don't care. I thought that was a cleaner? I think they got maybe two seasons. Nobody gave a fuck about Miami. Okay. Yeah, Marysol is like, one of them Dominican pussy cleaning products I be seeing in the Heights all the time. Marysol. Right? Right. It is, it's like a Dominican douche. <unk:gasps> mean- meanwhile, um, Future's over here about to have a baby with Bow Wow's baby mama, going back and forth with the other baby mama <crosstalk> Oh my god that's right! I forgot about that. Oh shit! So in weird Atlanta lore, uh, I guess Ciera and her ex will have kids that share a sibling. B- 'Cause Ciera and Bow Wow will then both have children- Oh, by Future. that have a kid together- Oh right. with- Because Bow Wow's baby mama has a baby with Ciera's baby father <laugh>. Right. Jesus <laugh>. If I were a rapper, right? This is too much. If I were a rapper and heterosexual I would assume that would be trash because, percentages. Of course, why not? You know, statistics- Yeah. should say. But I don't think that I would have unprotected sex with someone who has a baby with another rapper. I think that's where I would at least draw the line. Well, no. Because, like- You're, if you're a straight man rapper in Atlanta you're not thinking that clearly. Sorry. Future's never gonna be thinking that clearly. I can try. Isn't this is his fifth or sixth baby mama <laugh>? Oh. He don't give a fuck! He's up there. If it's a bad bitch and she's willing to take them panties off, that's all that is required. <laugh>. So- Is there prep for kids <laugh>? Is there a what? A preference for panties? <laugh> prep for <laugh>. Prep for… all right. All right! <sigh> we're moving right on. No you have taken yourself. Are you all right. You down? Are you down friend? <laugh>! <laugh>. All right <inaudible> get up <laugh>! Woo! You really oughta just talk to Jesus and be like, Lord! So <laugh>- What's- what is my thing? What is it? And why am I like this? Future needs to make a holiday remix to, I ain't ever had nobody show me all the things that you just sho- Like they should just come together and make like, for the holidays when they're a family, you know? Okay. A song to perform for the piano. Yeah, and all the baby mama's can do the hook. Ah-na-na-na-na, and they could just harmonize <laugh>. You're vain. All of 'em could do it together. never had nobody show me <crosstalk>. This is sad <laugh>. Um, also speaking of Future, Tamar Braxton is dating a nigga that looks similar, apparently, so what she, 11 hours ago posted on her Instagra- oh wait let me refresh. Oh lord. I wanna just make sure, I ain't got the time. Fifteen hours ago she posted on her Instagram, Said I wasn't gonna tell nobody but I, laughing emojis, and here it is, um, her poolside with in old, uh, got her groove back ass dreadlocks nigga- Yup, yup, yup. who looks like he appreciates the gym and snacks. Yes he do- Which is, you know, a physique I can appreciate. He looks like both, right <laugh>. Right. Jeez. And here she is commenting. Oh yeah, because you can kinda see ass poking through but then it's also like buggers. Yeah. Yes, I mean relatable. I mean- Jesus <laugh>. My trainer was like, I can tell your core's really strong. You just, we just gonna work on your stability. I said you right girl. Wow <laugh>. We gonna work on that stability <laugh>. Their shade comes in a different language. It does. They know how to do that. <laugh>. Yeah. I be like, huh, 200 meters- I've caught that before. and I had to stop and catch your breath. Well, all right. All right let's work on that. <crosstalk> we was just gonna keep going. Oh okay. All that weed you smoke? Oh no, okay. All right, cool. Well she compared him to Jesus as he came out of the water. Did she? Jesus walking outta the water. Oh no girl. Hallelujah. Well she's having a great time. Someone said, uh, something in her comments to the effect of, like, this is what happens when you go from fat to fit, and, uh, she quickly asked that they kindly leave her child's father alone, that it didn't work out, but that they don't need to throw any shade his way. That lets me know um… Oh, okay <laugh>. I mean, like this is still her child's daddy, I guess, at the end of the day. I mean if he really <inaudible> her, then fuck that nigga. Right. And his being body shamed, I don't give a fuck about how he feels about shit, but, um, she's clearly enjoying, uh, whatever- <sigh>. um <unk:Megos>, whatever this nigger here is doing with her. <laugh>. Um- I mean he don't look particularly fine. from the side of the pool. But, you know, he's probably incredibly good at sex. Tamar is having a great time. And that's what matters. Tamar is happy. Yup. Um, with or without a wig, so. And posting memes that say- I'm going to stand outside so if anyone asks I'm outstanding. <sigh>. That was just like last week <laugh>. This is why yo- your auntie be saying, you know what's that? <laugh> yes. Oh no, for real though. Yeah. In the group chat. Yeah. With them goofy ass memes. I- Oh you know what. Auntie Sarah, this is not- This isn't, girl, nobody was talking about… you didn't need these. <crosstalk>. My. <laugh> a picture of a bible and some doves and shit in the background with a v- with a verse on top, oh sis. What is this? Well I mean, good for her. <clear_throat>. I'm all for, you know, getting them cobwebs knocked out by somebody new. <laugh>. I am all for that. Me the fuck too. Hell yes. Um… Don't know why the rest of us had to see this, but, I guess it's just not Tamar if she's not, you know, living her life for the world. I mean, in the grand scheme of niggas sharing their niggas, this is mild. I mean and this is incredibly tame <laugh>. Yeah. At least <unk:Janae_and_Big_Shawn> have stopped talking about how much they love fucking and cumming on top of each of other. They used to be so gross. <sigh> we still got <unk:Umon_and_Tianna> though. Oh and I want they show to come back. They frequently talk about each others juices. I believe th- you know, and I believe they have some incredible sex. Their sex- Holy god, man! is probably like- Man, uh, whoo! I just imagine that they see secrets to the world that- Hell yeah <laugh>. they have to keep to themselves. You know? This is a secret girl, can't nobody know about this but us. Each of their third eyes wide open- Wide the fuck open. into the next dimension. That's how <unk:Juni> got here. That's why she so smart and funny, because she knows shit. She's divinely created. That's right <laugh>. You just got to read yo- read your history. I get it. Know your things. I get it. Shout out to them. Speaking of fine motherfuckers, um, Idris Elba. Idris. Is 'People's' Sexiest Man Alive of 2018. Uh, I don't know what the fuck took them so long, but, uh, here I am touching and agreeing- Yeah, same. Um, whaa <sigh>, maybe it shoulda been black excellence, I don't know. <laugh>. But, I mean, we know that Idris Elba is fine. Everybody, I mean- I feel like everybody knows that and has known it for a real long time. For a very l- very, very long time. So what took so long for this to happen? I'm confused. Goddam he's fine even on the cover. The amazing rise of the sweet smoldering superstar. <sigh>. And he's got an accent. Yeah, see that's how he gets you. And he also speaks Jamaican Patois very well. <sigh> <laugh> Of course he does. Look at you gettin' all soft core here. Idris Elba makes straight nigga's panties wet, so I don't even care. No, he's fine as hell. Like everybody knows Idris Elba is gorgeous. Never forget when I pretended to be security at a club in Atlanta, and Idris Elba got into VIP because of me <laugh>. Well, I mean not because of me, because he's Idris Elba. Yeah, that part. But I let him in <laugh>. Anyway. Damn he's fine. Like even with the salt and pepper in the beard and the head he's still- I like it. a hairline, you know, mostly intact. It's like 98% there. It's- it's there. You niggas really couldn't, like y'all could only dream. Y'all could only aspire to be as fine as this man is. How <sigh>, oh Idris. Goddamn. Oh that's mine. Ugh, I love him. Oh he's 46 <clear_throat>. He said he got picked on as a kid because his name was Idrissa Akuna Elba, but as soon as I could grow a mustache I was the coolest kid on the block. <laugh>. You know what? Children are superficial like that. Yeah, children are dickheads. So are grown- so are grown people actually <laugh>. You get fine on Instagram and all of a sudden it's a totally different experience, but good, congratulations to him. Well yes, I'm sure that this got plenty of you all in- into a vortex of lust that was brought back down by the reminder that he is indeed engaged and will still be getting married to Sabrina. Is her last name Dhowre? Don't nobody care about small details like that. Oh. Nob- literally nobody who has ever seen his picture gives a fuck about who he's marrying <laugh>. We came here to lust and to stand, and that's it. That's fine. Period <laugh>. Mmm. Whoo! He looks good. Last but not least in today's section of, um, of hot tops <sigh> I would like to discuss… now guess- guesch whi- guess which female rapper- <clear_throat> mm-hmm <affirmative>, okay. we're talking about this week. Okay. You have three guesses. All right. Oh that's it? Yeah. I don't have a- a hint. No. Okay. Uh, is it Trina? It isn't. Is it someone you want to talk about <laugh>? That's a difficult question. It is. Because I do want to talk about this. But not necessarily this person. Does that mean I am a fan of this person? No. <sigh> the problem is that I don't know what any of these bitches may have done over the past week to have pissed you off. Well just take some guess. Well I mean Nikki and Cardi are the obvious guesses, but I don't, I've already used one. <cough>. Is it Nicholas? <cough> It isn't. Damn. S- uh, well, I don't wanna waste my last one on Cardi, because I feel like you wouldn't be reluctant to talk about Cardi. Is it? Hmm. <sigh> Is it, um- <cough>. Is it Megan the Stallion? Ooh, no. Okay, well that was three. But is it Cardi B? It is not Cardi B. What the fuck? Is it one of those City Girls? It's Blac Chyna <laugh>. Okay, well, I'm actually quitting the show. <laugh>. The past has been so fun, I'm gonna go now. 'Cause that was some fucking bullshit. You said a fucking rapper! Blac Chyna <laugh> is releasing her new rap single. Bye! Bye pumpkin. 'Deserve' featuring Yo Gotti and Jeremih <sigh> <laugh>. Burgeoning new rap phenom Blac Chyna <laugh>- Are you proud of yourself? Are you? has entered the music game with a new song on her heart, and once again it is titled 'Deserve, '- <sigh>. featuring, can I, just let me see if can play a little taste. I really put thought into who this was about. I mean technically I was- I didn't say anything wrong. She's a rapper for real? broke niggas don't deserve- Oh no. These broke niggas don't deserve pussy- Where's the rapping? fuck up more than your retirement. Sip mimosas with Madonna, man. Fuck her face just like I'm Taliban. It's too dark in here don't make me pull the TEC- Ayy. If your name ain't Benjamin then what we talkin' about? Ayy. You tryna fuck or nah? 'Cause I got the hoes and all, under the act they fall, and they don't do broke at all. Uh- Okay, so I don't hate it as much as I thought I would. Why not? But I really don't <laugh>, I don't love it. <clear_throat>. And I'm confused. I have a lot of questions about how this came to be. Why is this a thing. You know? Who told her <laugh>… Blac Chyna. I thought it was going to be much worse. Just having things to do. Uh, uh, <unk:exasperates>. It's just about as bad as I expected it to be. I'm just- I hate it. s- still really mad at you because I really put thought into who this might be, like I- I mean Blac Chyna's a rapper. No she's not. Shit she has a rap song. No, anybody can have a rap song. That, anybody can do that <laugh>. It's- What's his name? it's right there. No, no, no, no, no. That isn't it. This is just really- This is terrible. Right <sigh>. It's awful. <laugh>. Blac Chyna please don't rap. I blame you niggas. Who- who put her up to this? This sounds just like one of these new kids on SoundCloud or whatever. <laugh>. Again, rapping for like bookings- mm-hmm <affirmative>. Can pl- can we wrap because- To be in the club? we like a- appreciate rap and like how it works and like even if you're going to like fill your songs with all sorts of hate and misogyny- <sigh>. and- and completely shallow and frivolous talk of- of jewelry and things like that, can you approach it in a- in a- in an entertaining way? Can you at least look at the legends? Missy Elliot, again. There you go. And give us like videos that show that they have a lot of thought into it, or like- Mmm. something- <laugh> No because see- This sucks <laugh>. If you want Missy to write a song you gonna have to pay Missy. You gonna have to pay people who have the talent that you don't. So if you don't have the talent and you don't have the money, then you're gonna get something that sounds like this. Which is still better than what I thought it was gonna be. I just- I just crave thought <laugh>. Like, I don't know- Right. Like I wanna hear stuff and it's like oh you, you fuckin' thought about that. You know. Like do you… there was- This is for the strip club. something that was put into that. Sure, that's where you come from, but this isn't even a good strip club song. Okay, it has one star on Hot New Hip Hop. You niggas really are not fuckin' with th- this <laugh>. It sucks. <laugh>. It's terrible. I woulda just thought that this was one of them dolls that's not from Detroit. I just- this is literally exactly, but, like, it… I did not expect it to be good. I wanna hear Yo Gotti's verse actually. Oh I didn't even make it that far. Whoever Jeremih is, uh, y'all can keep it. <laugh>. But I wanna hear- I wanna hear Yo Gotti's verse in this. Jeremih is the young man who's <unk:Junie>, who Junie's mother removed from his own tour. That's right. mr Birthday Sex <laugh> and that's- Kicked him off his own tour. when y'all told me he had more songs than that <laugh>. I love a lot of Jeremih songs actually- And probably sold more tickets after that happened too, as well. Probably. But, um, yeah, this isn't- this isn't good. Yeah, no, I hate this. Blac Chyna- Despite my already-… please don't do it again. low expectations <laugh>. Um, you know, what I'm saying? What I will give you is, um, credit for putting it out. You know what I'm saying? Kim Kardashian was in the studio. Oh no. Kim Kardashian shot a video and we laughed at what we knew would be terrible. The possibilities <laugh>. And she didn't put it out because of that. You did the same thing- Good. and we laughed at you and you put your song out any motherfuckin' way, and for that, sis, kudos. Yeah. Dream's a dream, you know we honor her over here on this side of things. Oh right. I haven't seen Dream in a while. I always <crosstalk>. Um, I think she's almost two. What? Yeah. Shut the fuck up! mm-hmm <affirmative>. I think she's almost two now. Oh wow. Blac- see how do I? All this Blac Chyna announces, I n- I never see anything for Blac Chyna. 'Cause we don't care. Oh, look at- We don't care. That baby looks like Kim <laugh>. Who? Kardashian. Dream does? Yes. Let me look. She looks like- 'Cause she's always look smack like her daddy's a meme. Look it! She looks like Rob. Right. She looks like Rob. Well, yeah, I don't think Rob and Kim look too different from each other. Oh I guess. Especially as babies. Oh! Her new one looks exactly like her. Well she's just so adorable. Chitown? Oh yeah. Chitown <laugh>. Chitown looks just like her momma. Hold on, let me see. I haven't seen a picture of her in a while. Chica- All of the kids are gorgeous. Oh wait, her name is not Chicago Kardashian <laugh>. It isn't. <laugh> Oh my god look at that face! Each and every one of the kids are perfect. Oh she's gorgeous. Yeah. Wow. Saint's a cutie too. Huh, Kim Kardashian don't deserve these beautiful- <laugh>. <laugh> <inaudible> The fact that North don't know she black, that's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. All right, well that's it for today's, um, Hot Tops. Hot Tops, no country for old bottoms- And uh-… but we can, now, that we have <laugh> we can now that we have to go. Now that we have the house we can work on getting- getting the bottoms back in power. Get me out of here! What am I even talking about today <laugh>? <laugh> We will be back. Hey guys support for today's show comes from Care Of. Care Of is a monthly subscription vitamin service that delivers completely personalized vitamin and supplement packs right to your door. Just take Care Of's fun online quiz, which asks you about your diet, health goals, and lifestyle choices, and find out in five minutes what vitamins and supplements you specifically need, and then your vitamins will get delivered to your door in personalized, easy-to-remember daily packs. Perfect for our busy-on-the-go lifestyle. I don't know about the rest o' y'all but maybe if you in New York or a surrounding area where it is dark as night- <laugh> True. at 5:00 now and it is cold and things like that, germs are everywhere. So have a little packet in your person, in your fanny, or whatever on you that you can just get your things together- mm-hmm <affirmative>. on the go and in your lifestyle. Plus vegan and vegetarian supplement- supplement options are available to match your dietary needs, if you're one of the girls, and your monthly subscription box can be easily modified at anytime. Yes it is so easy to look at the Care Of website, to take the little quiz, to see which vitamins may work for you. They sent me mine in little individual packs with my name on it, every day, like Here bitch, this is what you supposed to be doin' to take it, better care of yourself. They even have a prenatal section on the website for those of you who are thinking of, you know, doing that to your body- <laugh>. you know, feel free to bulk things up first <laugh>- Gotta do it. beforehand. And for 25% off your first month of personalized care of vitamins visit Take Care Of dot com and enter R-E-A-D. That's Take Care Of dot com, code R-E-A-D for 25% off your first month of personalized Care Of vitamins. Let 'em know Kid Fury and Crissel sent you. Let's get back to the show. All right, so we're back. It's time for some letters from y'all. Yes. Send your questions to Ask the Read at Gmail dot com. We may just read them aloud on the show. We have an update from the person who sent us the letter about their, um, trans lover having a bigger dick than the boy who was, that she was friends with- Oh. and now he mad because he felt threatened and all this. So we <sigh>, the email says: After listening to your take on my situation I decided not to tell him, of course that she and <unk:Chantal> were still fucking around. mm-hmm <affirmative>. I spoke to Chantal right after the show aired and she confessed to me that she fucked him as well- <unk:gasps>. -with her being the top and she said he screamed more than I did. My first thought was to call him out on his hypocrisy but I just chuckled to myself knowing he likes the dick too. Many blessings. Destiny. So what the motherfuck was his problem? So you know, this- this issue runs a lot deeper than what me and you could've possibly <laugh>, and you know investigated and figured out, but- Okay, so what is your issue with me? Because bitch, we're not in a relationship. Right. Okay. mm-hmm <affirmative>. We're out here fuckin' together which is just like such a rare connection that people have. Right. You know what I'm saying? So you should just be thankful that you have a fuck buddy, um- Right. And you- To be part of the tag team like this-… trying to what? Make me feel bad for simply enjoying dick that you know is great? Like bitch, what? Right. You know the dick is good, but maybe they fucked- Why you trying to make me feel bad? Maybe they fucked afterward- well, tsk, I don't know. There's a lotta- there's a lotta details we don't know here and we'll never know, but thank you Destiny for introducing me, for introducing us to your, um, kind of out there life. I'm really into it. Uh, let's see, next question comes from Brandon, who says: Thanks Kid Fury for creating Agents of Shade on the PS4. I've met and interacted with plenty of other gamers who have introduced me to great games and amazing anime and TV shows that I now stand for. Yeah. I have also met with some members of the community in the person and talk to them pretty much everyday now. Y'all make friends' friends out here. That's cute. It's cool. Here's my question, are you two looking forward to Super Mash Brothers Ultimate next month? Mm-mm <negative>, mm-mm <negative>, mmm. I'll just go ahead and let you know right now that I'm not, because I don't know what that is. I'll explain it. If so? Who are three of your favorite characters to play as and which stages do you typically like to play? Okay, so, first of all Super Smash Brothers is a game that you will play because I will force you to play. Okay. I don't know that it is, um, I don't know how you're gonna feel about it. I think that you'll probably have fun with it. I don't expect it to be something that you'll buy on your own. I think it's just something you might play us while we're all playing Switch together. Oh it's coming out on the Switch? Yeah, yeah, it's a Switch game. Oh. You're definitely getting the Pokemon one though, right? Uh, yeah, did I- do I already have that? I feel like you told me you pre-ordered that. I think I did <laugh>. It's- I'm pretty sure I did. basically Pokemon Go! on the Switch, but better. Oh, okay. Well then I must have a different Pokemon game. I have another one, too. Are you talking about Pokemon Quest? Yes. Okay, no. I'm talking about- You don't like that one. Yeah, no, <laugh> it's not good. <laugh>. I'm talking about Pokemon Let's Go. Oh! But it's on the Switch. Which is going to be like an expanded version of the film- Well I wanna fucking <crosstalk> Nintendo. that you're addicted to on your game. Yeah, no, you need Pokemon Let's Go. Yeah. Get that. Yeah. Pre-order that now. What the hell? You will like that one. Let me just find it. That for sure I know you'll like. Okay. Um, but for me, Super Smash Brothers, as a kid, uh, from the, remembering the Nintendo 64 era quite well, I can tell you I've played all of them. I have stand for all of them. My youngest brother is probably the only, not the only person who I know could beat me, but he's a person who I know I probably will never beat at Super Smash Brothers. Yeah. It's just random Kid Fury lore. <laugh>. Um, but, just for a quick explanation for you, it is basically like a fighting game that's sort of presented in a party style. And it features a bunch of different characters, usually from Nintendo games. Okay. So Mario and Luigi and Princess, but then like Pikachu is in there. Okay. And then like, Donkey Kong is in there. Did you know video games have directors? <laugh> Yes my nigga, like- Wow. it's a whole production beside the, like yeah. I just, wow. Okay. I don't kno- Sorry I'm still. It's media. So this is the sixth Smash Brothers that's coming out. Yeah, I'm not crazy excited about this one because it's like, basically all the characters- It's <crosstalk>. that have ever been in a Smash Brothers Game are gonna be the- I'm getting it just because it's gonna be on the Switch and I can take it and play it wherever I want to. Either way, Bayonetta because I Stand Bayonetta does a character I love. Mmm. Oh who do I- I don't even now how to play this game, it's been so long. Wow this is comin' out next month, December 7th. Yeah. Oh okay. I've already got it pre-ordered. Cool, cool. This'll be fun. Oh, Sheik. Hmm. Bayonetta. Play <crosstalk>. Kirby, those are my three. Kirby and the other one I get confused all the time. Who- Kirby's the big pink nigga? Yeah, Kirby's the pink one. I get him and, um, what's the other nigga name? I don't know, Jigglypuff? Uh, ooh hoo hoo, I think it is Jigglypuff. Let me see. Jigglypuff. Jigglypuff is the guy that- the Pokemon that sang and everybody would fall asleep. And she'd be like, bitch know your hoes- Oh, okay. I'm gonna draw on your face. I never saw Jigglypuff on TV. She's in Super Smash Brothers. Or he, I don't think Jigglypuff has a defined gender. Oh no, of course not. I guess, I mean, a particular- But I was thinking of that- that pink nigga. Magen- Magenboo. Magenboo? Magenboo. <laugh> oh okay. Sorry I can't figure out how to Google it. I'm trying. Well Magenboo and Kirby are so very far apart. Yeah. Magenboo's a character from Dragon Ball Z. Yeah, this is a mixture of my two little brothers' interests. Yeah, I see that. Kind of just colliding in my head. Yeah. And I don't know which is which. I'd love it if Goku was in Smash Brothers, but I don't see how that would make any sense. Anyways, um, yeah, I hope that answers your question. I don't really know about s- stages, um, particularly. I always really liked the Pokemon stage, like the stadium stage, because it always had random Pokemon that would come and like interrupt you or attack or fuck up the stage somehow. <laugh>. And then I don't really know. Other ones with like race cars and shit that randomly… I liked the stages that have stuff that happens into it that kind of makes everything really crazy that you have to watch out for. But, all of this will make sense I suppose in December- <sigh>. when we play this game. Okay. I can't wait to see how you feel about it. Yeah, because I'm a little like, huh, doo, doo, doo. Like I don't really understand what you are saying. You're just fighting other people and you, the more you hit them the higher their percentage goes up. Mmm. And the higher their percentage the easier it is for you to knock them off of the screen. Oh. So the whole goal is to beat people up until- Have I played this which y'all before? they're damaged enough for you to- Is something you can play as a group? Like all of you on one screen fighting all the niggas? There's a possibility we've played Super Smash Brothers on the WiiU before. Perhaps. Because I have it. Yeah, maybe. We might've played this. Okay. I don't know. I don't really remember, but I'm looking forward t- to trying it again. It's probably gonna be the highest selling game of the year. What? If not, like right up there. It's incredibly popular. Higher than Breath of the Wild? Yeah, mm-hmm <affirmative>, for sure. I mean Breath of the Wild didn't come out this year. Oh no, you right, it didn't. Uh, okay. Well is it the type of game you play with the headphones where you talk to people on the internet while you play? I think you, it probably has a mode, yeah, where you can play online with other people. Mmm, I'm not doin' that. I mean, but you don't have to. Okay, as long as I don't have to. You can play by yourself if you wanted to. Okay. All right. Cool. So, next question comes from, hmm. Give me an- uh, a girl's name. <unk:Jebadecia>. Jebadecia says: I started a job back in May making only $45,000. Okay. Within a month of being employed another job offer came my way offering more. I told my current employer about the other offer, and to get me to stay they countered with a supervisor position and a $65,000 salary. Obviously I couldn't turn that down, so I stayed, became a supervisor for the first time in my life and started helping my boss find someone to fill my former position. I recommended my friend for my former position. Whoo! Mistake one <laugh>. Because she and I worked together in the past and she was always praised for her work. I was able to talk the employer into giving her $10,000 more than they wanted to offer her because I felt she would do a great job and she assured me she could handle it. One of her conditions prior to being hired was that she continued to wear her hair however she chose, in a multicolored Mohawk, and my boss said that was fine- Woof! so she was hired. After about two months or so it became clear that she could not handle the work. Oh crap. I've had to train her multiple times on the same task because she can't remember how to do it or didn't take notes. She started calling out and coming in late and asking to leave early a lot. SHe's given out the wrong information to clients more than once and I am always asked by upper management to research and fix her mistakes. Damn. She and I had a meeting about this and she says she felt frustrated because I'm hovering over her and she felt like she wasn't trusted by the company to handle her job. I stepped back- But <laugh>, yeah, I'm sorry. I stepped back and gave her full control over the accounts. I also explained to her that she would really need to prove herself and catch up on all the work that was behind and incorrect. Wait, she says she stepped back and did what? No, no, no. This is the girl who recommended her. She's saying, I stepped back and let her handle it herself because she says she wanted to, and she didn't want nobody breathing down her neck. Right, that's what I thought she said. But sis- Yeah. Okay. <laugh> right. Um, if she could not handle the workload we would need to bring in someone else to assist but that would cause a decrease in her salary. She says she couldn't afford a pay cut and promised to perform well. Another month has gone by and things have gotten worse. Every time I ask her about an account she never has an answer and always hits me with I'll get back to you, and never does. I put my foot down with her in regards to the lateness and absences, and now she has an attitude and won't speak to me on a personal level. Oh great. Every time I go to her desk she's watching 'HOuse of Pain' on her phone. What? Or she's on Facebook, which my boss has noticed as well and asked me to speak to her about it. <laugh> girl. We also had an issue where a salesperson asked her to come along to a client meeting and she came in with a new hair color, a lime green shirt, and a leather blazer. This-… with high-water pants. girl is bugging. The salesperson canceled the meeting and now I have to tell her that she is not allowed to interf- to client interface in person. I scheduled a meeting for us to go over her work and to tell her about her conduct, but she got out of it by telling my boss that her cousin died and she left early. She didn't tell me that her cousin died, and she also did not post anything on Facebook about it, and she fucking lives, eats, sleeps, and farts on Facebook, so I don't believe her. <laugh>. At this point I just wanna recommend we fire her and find someone else with better experience- Great! So- I know this will probably- <laugh>. ruin the friendship, but I feel like it's already ruined because she doesn't respect me. I put my neck out for her, vouched for her with my employers, and got her a good pay rate and she's acting like she doesn't give a fuck. How do I deal? Please help. Jebadedecia. Jebadecia <laugh>. Jebadecia <laugh>. So, um… You did a good thing for a friend girl. You know, no good deed goes unpunished. Uh, Jebbi it sounds like you wanted to vent. <laugh>. You know? And you got it out and I mean, so like- <laugh>. It sounds like you know what comes next. <laugh>. All right Jeb? Like girl. More power to you sister. The friendship is truly trashed. It- it's- it's pretty fucked, sis. Yeah. But that was on her jus- you know, that- that was on her. She already was, like according to you- Right. acting brand new and acting different or whatever and taking her own actions personally, or like the consequences for acti- which haven't even been anything really. Right. Like to heart, sis- Sis. I came and gave you a job and got you a hook up Right Financially for Hell yeah Said job or whatever and you come in here and make me look fucking crazy. The fact that you even have a place to work still, I mean, a place to watch House of Payne mm-hmm <affirmative> <laugh>. I'm like. Of all the shows you could be bullshittin' and watchin on your phone. Bitch. House of Payne? She don't want no job <laugh>. <laugh> Girl! So, you're not friends with her anymore. <laugh> That sucks, oh no. Sorry. So many different flavors of ice cream that you can have tonight <laugh> If that's a way for you to get through things. I'm kidding. I mean, Blue Bell, if you're in a region just has endless Ben and Jerry's. Um depending on the time of year, you might get you like a real good Girl Scout Cookie number, I think Edy's does. Oh bitch, Talenti is about to come out with they holiday flavors. Ooh, hoe Mm, it good. That pumpkin pie, I don't fuck with pumpkin pie in real life, but that pumpkin pie ice cream tastes like sweet potato pie ice cream. If you're willing to shell out. It's so good. Just a few extra coins… It's so good bitch. For a little bit of Talenti… That Talenti is so good. Cuz Talenti is expensive. It is. Like, uh, girl, but it's so good. Seven dollars for a pint, ya'll got me fucked up until you eat it and then you're like… Like, ahhh. Let me catch this bitch on my cell. Fine. <laugh> Okay. Hmm. Motherfuckers. Nigga. So good <laugh>. So, what I'm saying is that you have plenty of treats to um, you know, to enjoy and get you through those emotions if you're feeling like you have any I guess you can watch some House of Payne while you eat your ice cream. <laugh> But she don't work there no more. Since. She's gotta go not just because um, of a coup. one or two mistakes, it's like the attitude behind it, you know what I'm sayin? Like you don't give a fuck. It would be different if she was fucking up and taking notes and asking you for help or like… Right. Stayin late trying to get ahold of it. Right. It would be different if she was puttin' forth a lot of effort like bitch I got a hook up on this job and I'm not tryin to lose it. Exactly. But you gave her this massive gift that by the way, anybody else's be thrilled to have like, niggas need jobs real bad girl. Yeah. So the fact that you stuck your neck out for this bitch and she's just like not only do I not give a fuck about the work, I don't even give enough of a fuck to like, try to care about the work and I don't care that your name and reputation on the line. You need to fire this bitch before you get fired. Right, exactly. That's what needs to happen. At the end of the… And she's reflecting poorly on you girl. The boss sees the girl on Facebook or whatever. Woo! And is coming to you to like, yeah, now I'm already upset. mm-hmm <affirmative> That you came in here after I did this for you, you know what I'm sayin? Playing a game. Right. Not doing any work, not only that, but then I have to go and do more work than all of than I already have to do. <laugh>. Right. To fix the shit that you didn't do. Bullshit. Or that you did incorrectly. Woo. And you got an attitude with me on top of that, it's like you've been given so many little inches. Right. And now you want like the equator. Go, go home. Yes. Get your things, don't come back. If we're not friends anymore, like this, you have every single reason to not be this girl's friend anymore. I wouldn't even want to be her friend no more to be honest wit you so I don't even really know what you're losing here. If she's not even being cool wit you on a personal level, then you really lost nothing. <laugh>. Look she was… mm-hmm <affirmative>. Still trying to be like, hey girl, what time is lunch? <laugh>. And doesn't realize that she's trash, then maybe it's difficult. Right. To have to like break it down to her, not realizing that she sucks. Yeah. But she knows that she don't care and she doesn't care or respect you anyway, so, bye girl. I just feel for you, cuz this sucks to be like, oh I know somebody who'll be perfect for this job and then the come in and everybody is like I thought you said this bitch would be perfect. That's the worst part. We gave her ten thousand dollars more than what we wanted to offer for the job, cuz you just sold her like she was so great. That's the worst part. And the bitch is garbage, like <laugh>. Or even if you never speak to her again… Yeah. And the girl leaves there or whatever, that's somethin that you still gotta deal with at your… Yes. Workplace. Them lookin at you like girl, I don't even know why we listened to your… Mm mmm. Motherfuckin ass, cuz clearly you ain't know what the fuck you two was talkin about. Girl. You wanted this crazy mo hawk bitch to come in here… <laugh>. And do whatever the fuck ya'll wanted so ya'll could talk about House of Payne reruns. <laugh> Bitch, like clearly. Right, just wanted to be at work with your fuckin' friends. Right. It's not elementary school no more bitch, don't nobody care if ya'll can't sit togetha all day. She shoulda known better. Girl, good luck to you. Good riddance. Next question comes from Casper. Love it. Who says, earlier this year I matched on Bumble with a friend of a friend Which one was that? She's… Let's see, is that the girl one, is that the guy one? Is that Bumble. One of the guy ones? I just know it's an app. I know it's an app too, I just don't know who it's for. Bumble is a location based social and dating application that facilitates communication between interested users and heterosexual matches. Oh right, that's the trick. Okay, so it's, all right The girls have to say that they're interested first before the men can contact them on Bumble. Oh okay, okay I see. Yeah. Only female users can make the first contact with matched male users. Right. Or on the same sec matches, same sex matches either person can send a message first. THat's dope. Right? We know so many women are like, I am so tired. <laugh>. Of all these ugly ass men, jumping in my fuckin TM's. It's about time somebody got hold of that. So anyway, Casper said, I matched on Bumble with a friend of a friend, she's someone that I knew, but only tangentially. For context, we're both in our late twenties, and are pentsexualsis women. Cool, okay. All right. We went on a couple a dates, which were fun and cute, but because of our conflicting schedules and my depression rearing its ugly head, we never got a chance to see where it could lead. Shortly thereafter, my depression ended up incapacitating me and for the next five months, I was unable to do the bare minimum needed to survive and not lose my job. Real. With the help of my therapist and new meds, I have been in a much better place emotionally and physically for the past four months. But, I've always had my disappearing act hanging over my head. I recently saw her in passing and felt so awkward. I wanted to talk to her about things, but didn't know how, plus we were both with two different groups of friends. I really enjoyed hanging out with her and want to reconnect for friendship at least, but I'm embarrassed by my actions. I also want to apologize, because I'm not typically the type to ghost anyone, though I'm very open with my friends about my mental health struggles, I'm nervous to tell her about what I was going through and I'm scared that she'll see it as a bullshit excuse. How much should I tell her? Should I even bother reaching out or is it too late? Your friendly, neighborhood ghost, Casper. So Nathan, I'm insecure. You know, I've realized about, <laugh>, when I was done with the third paragraph, I was like, oh this is literally Nathan <laugh>. Yeah. Except, you know, two ladies. Um, I would say you know, I think a lot of people would surprise you um, thankfully the conversation of mental health is pretty active and calming these days. Yeah. A lot of people are talking about it, a lot of people are making genuine efforts to understand better and things like that, whether it pertains to them or people around them and stuff like that. Yeah, I would definitely, I don't think there's anything wrong, I don't think that you should even really feel um, hesitant to approach her, whether it's, I think in person would've been a great time to just, off hand, like, just have approached her at some point and be like… Can I talk to you for a minute? Hey girl, like, <laugh>. I just wanted to let you know, like, I'm so sorry that I disappeared or whatever, I've just been feeling like trash and I've been goin through a whole bunch of stuff and it wasn't like a personal thing, all right, you know I would really, really love to reconnect with you and stuff like that and hopefully you can catch up. That's such a normal thing… mm-hmm <affirmative>. Especially if you're grown up in the sense that you are active and have a schedule where you got shit to do and you can't just be up underneath somebody's armpits every fuckin second of the day. Right. I think a lot of us sort of expect that sometimes people are gonna just have moments where they're not as available. Right. I do, anyway. But I think we also expect those people to say that to us. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Definitely. Right. But I don't think that there's anything wrong with going at someone and just being like, I haven't been in a great place, but I do still wanna reconnect with you, like I hope we can, and… Yeah… If she takes it the wrong way or doesn't approach it the wrong way, her fuckin loss, you know what I'm sayin, it is what it is, that's some real shit. But I don't think that, I don't think that your circumstances are anything you should be ashamed to share with somebody that you uh, had a connection with, or want to reconnect with or just like… Right. Or whatever. Cuz, she might be like, Bitch, let me tell you <laugh> I know what the fuck you mean. Yep. I barely got outta She might. bed today. So… She might. Um, I think that what you said is, is good advice to just approach her and be like, this is what's up and my bad that I, you know just kinda left you out there with no explanation but then I would also make sure to just leave it up to her at that point. Yeah. Like all you can do is apologize and be real about it, and let her decide if she wants to take the risk on gettin' to know you again or not, like… Yeah. People you, I'm sure, I'm sure like, basing off your e-mail, you had no intention of hurtin' this girl and maybe you didn't hurt her, maybe you stopped callin and she was like, Oh, I don't give a fuck. Right. And went on about her damn life. Exactly. I don't know, but you know, people have the right to be like, I don't really want to get my feelings hurt… Right. And I understand you have your own shit to deal with and that's real, but like, my feelings can't be sacrificed because of that. We all got our own shit do deal with… Right. So, let her, I would, I would, I would approach her the same way, <inaudible> said and then just leave it open like, you know, number's still the same if you want hit me up or whatever. Yeah. And let it go from there and like, and then whatever it is, it just is. Cuz I mean your only other road here is just not talkin to the girl at all. Right. You know, so what difference would it make, you know what I'm sayin? You have to let it go either way. mm-hmm <affirmative> She decides to let it go. Right. I just think that you might be surprised in how she responds, but yeah, if she is like you know what, I don't even, I don't know how I feel about that or whatever. Yeah. Or maybe it reminds her of an ex, or whatever. Maybe she just don't have no time, you know what I mean? Cuz we all have our own shit. It is. So maybe she's been ghosted many, many times and so this hurts a lot, who knows? Just don't take it personally. Yes. Because, like you just said, <inaudible>, we all have our shit, but don't be afraid to make an effort or whatever. Yeah. There's nothing wrong with that. Right. I think it's really relatable for a lot of people, or even if you can't relate, I think a lot of people will understand. Why, I mean, worst case scenario, at least you've cleared the air, and so if ya'll friends are even around each other again, it's not like awkward… Right. Or weird for ya'll to see each other. Right. And you've like, had the conversation. Yeah. Like that's the bare minimum that mature adults should be able to do. Yes. So, you know, if for no other reason, then do it for that and if she's down, then she's down and if she's not, then you know. Right. It is what it is. Right. You have your own, we all have our own battles, hurdles, and shit that we are goin through every fuckin day girl. So, good luck to you. Our last question, do you want to talk about a girl who wants to break up with her boyfriend to be with his best friend, or a little girl whose having trouble with queerness? That's not messy, that's kind of like, just advice. I, uh, so… Or just trash it. So, sweetie, um… <laugh> Good luck out there being queer. <laugh> Let's talk about the other one. I love you so much, maybe next week. Let's do this next week. No, I'll save it. All right, this is from Genevieve, she said, I met my alleged boyfriend, Derek in 2015, when he and his friends came to a kickback I hosted. He was a friend of a friend and we instantly connected over our mutual musical interests and movies. His best friend, Tim, butted into our convo and we all tee-heed for about an hour. <laugh> Derek's other drunk friend got into a shouting match with someone, so Derek left us to diffuse the situation after I kicked the loud niggas outta my house. <laugh> This left me and Tim alone in my kitchen. <inaudible> quick like. Yes it did. He told me he thought I was beautiful and wanted to date me, but I declined, because I felt a real connection with Derek. That was dumb. Oh. Fast forward to 2018, and now Derek ain't shit. We've been on and off for years, and nothing has changed. We have a great bond, but he's not consistent or really even worthy of my time. He tells me one thing and does another. We haven't had good sex in months, and this may sound awful, but we are on different levels. Ehh. I just graduated <laugh> what a mess. Hey. with Master's. I work for a major corporation, he works at Target, which girl, no shame, is also a major corporation. I love Target. and has a roommate. We live a few hours from each other and he's only come to visit me once in the past six months. He has never considerate of my feelings or time so I've emotionally distanced myself from him in our relationship. Three months ago, Tim slid in my DM's with the I'm in your city less link message. Mm. Mm. Well then, <laugh>. Mm. Mm. I bet you are in my city. We went out for drinks, food and hooka and before I knew it, he was in my bed. <laugh> You know. Hookah girl? This is such a Oklahoma city day. Cuz his name is Tim, it made me think of Tim Allen <laugh>. I'm a medium. The white man? <laugh> From Home Improvement? I immediately went, imitation of Tim Allen Uhhhaaahh. <laugh> Oh I hate you, <laugh>. I am so mad you can do it so good. I've been trying to do that voice all my life. imitation of Tim Allen ohh, ohh, ohh. I hate that he's such a conservative asshole now. Is he? Yes. His new show on Fox, well it was on ABC I think, and then it got canceled and then Fox picked it up. He's terrible, he's such a right-wing. No! Yes, it ruins the Home Improvement reruns for me. Toy Story 4 is coming out. Oh, I'm sorry, Tim Allen is an asshole. No. Yes, they have like a token black neighbor and he's always doing like borderline, offensive racial jokes and the neighbor's like get on somewhere white man, but anyway. This is not the, we're not even done with the letter. Okay, yeah, Tim, so they… Right. Yeah. Okay. We went out for drinks, food and hooka and before I knew it, he was in my bed. After hours of passionate sex and orgasms, he left and we've been talkin for months now. He gives me everything Derek doesn't, time, energy and respect. He sent flowers to my job and my apartment and he never forgets to text me goodnight. mm-hmm <affirmative>. The youth. Yep. Tim's ready to pursue a real relationship with me and I don't mind. He's smart, handsome, ambitious and a southern gentlemen. We are both concerned about being public with our relationship because of our mutual friends and because Derek may go ape shit. Am I a hot ass mess for breaking up with Derek for his best friend? I feel like a horrible person, but I'm close to thirty and I think I found the love of my life. Please help <laugh> no you haven't. love, Genevieve. No, Gen, calm down. Girl. Um… The love of your life girl? So I want to remind you Gen, that you met this nigga, you, it wasn't swallowing for you, you were feelin his friend, cuz the friend had all, and then time went by. <laugh> And then… Right. He's just sucked. <laugh> So now you're entertaining this friend and I'm assuming things are still fresh. mm-hmm <affirmative> And ya'll are having fun. Yep. Doin little things you know you ain't supposed to be doin. All that bullshit. All the other thing, how, how much do you believe that in the future… Girl. Time will repeat itself. Right. Here, here with Tim. Um… The grass is always greener on the other side. It just is, it just always is. Niggas always look better when you ain't gotta deal with their shit on a day to day basis. If you wanna break up with this nigga, break up wit, I mean break up with the nigga regardless. You listed all the reasons that you don't need to be with him, so there's that. Right. He need to be left regardless, so that's that. If you leave him for his best friend, is that trifling? Yes, I mean. Of course. It just is. There's no way around that. Girl. Um… That is some Maury shit. I would just like you to, like I'm not gonna pass judgment on, I mean you already fucked the best friend, so there's that. You know if you continue to fuck the best friend after you done broke up with homey, then that's probably best. Um, Yeah. If you're going to continue to fuck him and shit, but I would, I would advise you to be single and mingle if you're looking to be in a relationship. It don't make no sense for you to, much like how birds flock together, when they're of a feather. <laugh> Um… Yes. Dogs hunt in packs. Niggers do the same girl. And so, there's a very good chance that everything that you're feeling at the moment, down the line you will feel the opposite of. Then you're gonna feel guilty for leaving a nigga for his best friend only to find out that them makes them the same type of nigger. <laugh> So why don't you just break up with the nigger that you're with right now mm-hmm <affirmative> And enjoy whatever dick it is that you're getting, okay, put on your BCBG or whatever it is, go out to Free Before Twelve, and scout. <clap> Like Like the rest of us. What's the problem? Break up with the boyfriend and then just fuck the friend. THere's no need to be in a relationship with For what? That girl. For what? Do not do that, no, that is, you guaranteed <laugh> To end up in some bullshit. Don't ever leave no nigga for no new nigga, especially when you been in a fuckin relationship with that motherfucker for however many years and start. Girl. Leave that nigger for freedom. <laugh> Yes! Okay. To freedom! Period <laugh> Bombs. <laugh> Go have a good time, be single again and meet a nigga that don't know either one of them motherfuckin niggas Yes. That's just as nice, if not better or whatever, because odds are he much like Tim and the other one will be great for a couple years and then will also be trash. But at least he won't be your exes best friend. <laugh> right. Cuz that's just trifling girl. That, that sucks. That's just trifling <laugh>. Like I can't, I won't We can't… Judge you Right. but I can't deny it. I mean, no, cuz niggas are niggas, he's probably cheatin on you too. Right. But you're cheatin on him, it's all right. <laugh> Hey. So at least break up with him and then just don't, a relationship is a bad idea girl, don't, don't play yourself. Tim Allen gets candidate all politics, I'm kind of an anarchist. <sigh>. Don't, you don't want to read further. Yeah, I'm gonna leave it there. We are gonna wrap up the questions for this week, send yours to Ash3 to gmail.com and we'll be back. Hey guys, today's show's being brought to you today by Audible. It's the time of year when everyone is thinking about thoughtful gifts. So if you're thinking about giving yourself or a loved one the gift of an Audible membership, now's the best time to do it with a special offer. Access to an unbeatable selection of audiobooks, including best sellers, motivation, mysteries, thrillers, memoirs, and much more. You can choose three titles every month. One audiobook, and two audible originals you can't hear anywhere else. Listen on any device anytime, anywhere, whether it's at the home or at the gym… mm-hmm <affirmative> On a train or on a bus, or wherever it is that you be at, would you stop? <laugh> You'll also enjoy easy audiobook exchanges rollover credits in an audiobook library you keep forever, even if you cancel. Yep, you do, I am personally using Audible to get, you know, first of all, more books read, but also to expand the shit that I'm interested in, you know, start getting into more things. There's a book about investigations into human personality that I think I'm gonna order, there's a few that will help you learn another language, which I definitely need to do. Right now for a limited time, YouTube can get three months of Audible for just six ninety five a month. That's more than half off the regular price, so go ahead and give yourself the gift of listening and while you're at it, think about giving the gift of Audible to someone on your list, just go to Audible.com/theread or text the read to 500500. That's A-U-D-I-B-L-E dot come slash T-H-E-R-E-A-D or text three to 500500. Reading is fundamental, let's move on. Thanks again to Talk Space for supporting today's episode of The Read. You cannot imagine fitting anything else into your life, but you definitely need somebody to talk to. mm-hmm <affirmative> Maybe about the fact that you can't fit anything else into your life. Right. Or the fact that the world is trash, maybe you just need to get something off of your chest about your best friend who you gave a job to. <laugh> Who acts like they ain't got no sense. Whether it's just regular life challenges at home or at work or just your life, your baby's father. There are no extra commutes, no leaving the office and no judgements involved in Talk Space. Remember that therapy is not just about venting your inner most thoughts, or digging into childhood memories, it's also about practical, everyday strategies for stress management and living a happier life. mm-hmm <affirmative> You're getting the tools that you can take to, with you out into the real world so that when you… Yes. feel yourself crumbling, you can be like, I am well equipped. <laugh> I got this, all right. That's right. Having a therapist simply provides you a designated person for you to talk to who is trying to listen and help you make positive changes. mm-hmm <affirmative>. The Talk Space platform has over two thousand licensed therapists who are experienced in addressing the life challenges that we all face so to get started and match with your perfect therapist for a fraction of the price of traditional therapy, go to TalkSpace.com/read and use code R-E-A-D to get $45 off your first month. THat's code read, at TalkSpace.com/read. Taking care of your mental health is so, so gletch. So go ahead, let Talk Space know we sent you, let's wrap up the show. Okay, so it's time for the read, we're back. It is, do you have a read this week? I have many, so why don't you go ahead. <laugh> Maybe you have one that's, um, I can smatch off of one. You know this is going to be a short and sweet, I am going to pass my read this week. Oh lovely. Yes, yes, yes, I had a feeling some of you may have dealt with some dumb shit over the past week <laugh> And I was correct. This read comes from Vanessa who says, This week in bullshit, a story came out of Idaho where in a group of elementary school teachers dressed up for a Halloween party as Mexicans complete with maracas, serapes, and sombreros, brearing, bearing the word Mexican in case there were any doubts. Oh. Okay. A sombrero with Mexican on it, you know, as the Mexicans do. Righ… They also constructed a cardboard border wall with the words, Make America Great on it, Again. Wow. In case their point was somehow not registering in our simple little brains. Oh. It isn't just the gall of these insidious cows to be brazenly racist and lazy as fuck with their stereotypes, of the fact that these hoes are charged with education of small children. All of that is bad, disgusting and unacceptable, it's enough to have me researching, Brujeria, in't that Brujeria. Brugeria, in't that that uh? It's like… THat's a like a, Latino witchcraft, you know what? Let's just say that, yeah. You know, I feel like that's racist. It's kinda like witchcraft. Uh, I feel like I haven't heard that word since what's her face. A Spanish language word for witchcraft. Amen. Okay, anyway. <laugh> Anyway, she's gonna be researching that. <laugh>. That might plague them with diarrhea, shitty wifi, the inability to orgasm and the sensation of stepping barefoot on tiny legos for the rest of their earthly existence. The part that really kills me is the school su, school district superintendent's response to the photos of these sorry sacks of cytoplasm, <laugh>, Jesus, come on cytoplasm. Right. He seems sincere in his disappointment. Truly, he used all of the apology buzz words and phrases, oh deeply troubled this, and we embrace all students that, but then he went and made sure to let us know that he did not believe that there was any malicious intent behind this stunt, just Oh really? An egregious error in judgment. Oh. What in the entire I'm not the ho, you da ho fuck was <laugh> not malicious about this? What? Mess. Oh no she didn't. In the year of our lord, 2018, you mean to tell me that you find us daft enough to believe that all this fuckery is just a misplaced, harmless, gee golly I just didn't know joke? Like we haven't seen eleventy million viral videos of racists being racist this year alone and have to talk about black face and appropriation more times than Macy's has one-day sales? <laugh> Stop it. Call this shit what it is, it's racist, they're racist. They are racist who deserve to be fired. The men gunning down synagogues and sending pipe bombs in the mail are also racist and terrorists too. I am a woman and a Latina and a <inaudible> survivor and the daughter of immigrants. I walk around constantly triggered, I'm exhausted and angry and lighting every virgin to Guadalupe candle I can in hope that these midterm elections will end as they should, but don't you worry simple bitches, candles ain't all that I got for that ass. In just a few days I'm voting, we're voting, we have had enough of your stupidity, ignorance, and blinding caucacity and we are coming for you. If I were you, I'd run, viance directo al carajo y no vuelven nunca mas. Okay girl. Surely I just butchered your language and I'm so sorry Vanessa, but thank you for. <laugh> <laugh>. Somebody's gonna be like, bitch. I mean, the effort was there. You literally said it would, see this is why I need to get on my Audible, one of those Spanish language books. Yeah. So I can learn how to say things much better. She clearly wrote this in between Halloween and the midterm Yeah. Elections. And I thought first of all, what an excellent point. I can' believe teachers decided that this was appropriate, to not only wear to school but then to do a cardboard border Yeah. Wall with Make America Great. Y'all… THat's really, go there. Really. Like, to school? Like you didn't have your own teacher party afterwards where everybody was just gone off the costume, makin bad decisions. <laugh> You brought that shit to the schoolhouse and wore it like in front of the kids, like they balls for bitches, in 2018 where every phone has a camera on it… It's just. It's like you, white people just really don't want their jobs… Jobs, man. They don't want they fuckin' jobs. It's just incredible to me, that ya'll really thought, you know what's a good idea? You know what just would really, just bring the spice back into the school day <laugh>? It's just trash. Yeah. This is garbage. Bring in the spice. I'm not surprised, I hope that you know, I hope, I hope that the, the superintendent does what needs to be done, like I would not trust these people to be teachers. I do not want them around my children. I, <laugh> God only knows what kind of racist ideologies they're slippin in there. God only knows what kind of bullshit they talkin', you know pro President Trump shit. If your baby comes home talkin bout, my teacher said we should build the wall, bitch. <laugh>. Now when I… Let me tell yeah somethin. Come up to that school, everybody's heads is gonna be rollin. I'm gonna be the loud black mom in there, twistin' my head, snappin my fingers. If I went to, if I went home at any age. Say it. And told my parents that one of my teachers had that costume on. Right. They're going to the school the next day. It doesn't even have to be curriculum, they don't even have to say nothin to me. If I go home and tell one of my two, oh hey… Yeah mr Rollins <laugh> Had on this costume that said such and such, they're going down and they're not leaving. Yes. So, like. True, true facts. I don't even know how ya'll still have the nerve, but. Me either and I'm so glad Vanessa that you brought up the election, cuz I also wanted to say real quickly, I know that a lot of us are very disappointed in the midterm elections. I know especially in Florida and Georgia, we are still trying to find out who the Governor's gonna be, because in Georgia at least, the fact that ya'll stole this election was blatantly obvious. I mean, incredibly fuckin obvious. I can't believe the Republicans did it that openly, just straight out in the open like, nigga, ya'll didn't send power cords to the voting machines, power cords? Power cords. For electronic voting machines. Meanwhile the voting locations in these all white districts, all white areas, zero issues. Wifi lookin like shabooya. Shaboo- <laugh> <laugh>. Strongest connections you ever seen. Oh man, I just read that there's gonna be a recount in Florida, so shoutout to you and all the other Floridians who went out and did your best. I know a lot of us are upset, you know, because, Senate seats were lost and the GOP's of course, are still retaining control over the Senate, but I am at least very glad that Democrats flipped the House and again, so much of that is about local people, like it's about, like these statewide contests maybe didn't go the way you wanted them to. Right. But, so many like local We got a lot of work time. Elections, yes a lot of good things happened. Yes. And it means that Donald Trump can't just push through whatever the fuck he wants to, cuz the House and Senate are gonna roll over his ass. I've already begun work on my Auntie Maxine's cake. Oh chile, Because, like. Somebody said she's gonna be the head of the committee that can request his tax reforms and I'm like Right. Girl, that's just the very fuckin beginning, like I don't, I don't put a lot of faith in politicians. Yeah me either. To get things done that will really benefit the majority of us. I am just glad, because it's like a stop to the bleeding. It's like, we're two years in and finally Democrats have control of the House, so it's not just, he can do whatever in the fuck he wants to. Right. So, I'm at least grateful for that and I wanna say Oklahoma, I know normally I have nothing good to say about us, because normally there is nothing good to say about us, but <sigh>, the state that had every single county go to John McCain when he ran against Barack Obama actually had a Democrat turn over the fifth district which is the one in the Oklahoma City area of course, it was either gonna be Tulsa, we already know. But, I believe this is the very first time a Democrat has ever won <laugh> like, a house district in the state. I'm pretty sure this is the first time in state history, if not, you know. That is fuckin' crazy. Thirty years ago, or something crazy. Yeah. And on Facebook, the white Oklahoman's are not having it. Oh they're pissed. Oh, they're so mad, but it's like Oklahoma City, this was just a matter of time, we go the basketball team, and did ya'll just really think that people were gonna continue, well, nevermind, because I know a lot of other places, people are continuing to be incredibly ignorant and you know, terrible, and not, you know, learning from anything at all. But, I just wanted to say shoutout to Kendra Horn for being the new Fifth House District Representative in the state of Oklahoma and my old civics teacher in high school, John Waldron, which I cannot believe I didn't know this. He is still a civics teacher at my old high school. Shoutout to Booker T. In Tulsa, but he ran for State House and he won, and he said it's time for us to take our country back and I remember mr Waldron being that white man who was super cool. You know I had a… That is though, yeah. I had a few teachers like that. Yeah. Who was like… Yes. You… Like a lot of black schools had. You black children, you come in here with your hip-hop, <laugh>, your references I don't get, and your saggy pants and I just want you to learn social studies. Right. I just want you to… That's it. Honestly, he was teaching us this shit. mm-hmm <affirmative> He was teaching us about the electoral college, and the way the House and the Senate work and you know, politics, government. Funny enough, my funny, cool, white teacher… Yeah. Was also a social studies teacher. So shoutout to mr Waldron, I am so glad to see somebody that I know is about it, in office in Oklahoma, and again it's just another indication for me of the shift that's happening… mm-hmm <affirmative> Slowly, but surely, people are getting tired. Very slowly… Oklahoma teachers, But true. Oklahoma teachers had been fed the fuck up, they had to go on strike, because the state don't give a damn about them and like I said, kids are sharing textbooks, and texting each other pictures of their pages for homework and shit like that, so, I'm just glad to see the small changes happening. That's fuckin' crazy. Charise Davids who is gonna be my wife… <laugh> She don't know it yet. She's a Native American woman from Kansas who's about to represent their state, so you know, lots of small… Oh, I know who you're talking about. Things. Oh she's so fine. Oh, I'm such a goofy. And she's a former MMA fighter too, goddamn. Yes! Ooh, she's so fuckin' fine. Oh I love her even more now. Wooey chile, the things me and Charise Davids' gonna do, but anyway, not supposed to be. <laugh> Okay. Objectifying this woman, right? <laugh> Right. I know I'm bad Now's not the time. Like that, I'm soundin like a nigger. Oh my goodness. But yes, thank you so much Vanessa for passing your read. If you have a read you wanna pass, send it to passtheread@gmail.com. But I just want to talk about that real quickly, I know a lot of people are disappointed in the midterm elections, but first of all, it ain't over yet, not all of 'em anyway, and secondly, some good was done. Probably the most that we could have realistically asked for. <laugh> you know what? All things considered. You, that's facts. And the better or work race in Texas, I know that people are upset, but the fact that that man got half the vote in the state of Texas, all those black judges in Houston. Like, Texas is turnin' purple, which is incredible. The GOP should be shook as fuck. So, <sigh>. You know, I'm done. Many powerful black niggers like you and a couple of other ones I admire have been on the internet since last night telling me these things and I'm just trying to listen to ya'll niggas and stay you know. Keep your head, keep your head up friend. I'm doing the best that I can. I know. I would like to start my read off, by firstly saying, fuck Florida, <laugh> Fuck the whole state. <laugh> Hate you niggers so fucking much. Things did not go well in Florida. I am so goddamn tired of Florida, my word. Miami's not Florida first of all, for keeping it, but Oh no. However, the racism and the ignorance that is steeped in that entire state is ever present in Miami as well. The Latin-ex community in Miami, the way that ya'll motherfuckers hate so hard, I'm still confused. I don't know when ya'll are gonna learn. I think maybe it's because a couple ya'll have on sharp suits, you got a couple of mayors and motherfuckers ya know, a governor, got a Hernandez on the back of they name… Oh lord. So you motherfuckers be feeling like you are on that side of things and we're on the other and you can treat us like trash and you be teaching your ser- your kids that are in my age range and younger to be just as ignorant as ya'll. So it's not even like there are that many Cuban Puerto Rican whatever, you know, people in Miami that I can, like young people in Miami that I can confidently say, at least they're coming up underneath a whole bunch of ignorance and trying to do better. Like, look at the last fuckers that love hip-hop shit, these motherfuckers, that, what's their name? Angelica, Ver, Veronica, that little girl probably can't even be thirty yet. Whoever you talkin about? Don't even know she white, she really thought she was black, cuz… Oh that Veronica baby She from <inaudible>. Yes. <inaudible> girl. <laugh> All cuz she wanted to say nigga, like I, okay. <laugh> Look, all I wanna say is, um, Andrew Gillum has my respect. Um. mm-hmm <affirmative>. You did what you had to do. Jen, I'm saying, you showed up. You told the truth. You showed the truth. And, I believe you to be the… You know what? I don't even think Florida deserves 'em. No. 'Cause Florida fucking garbage. Florida don't deserve Andrew Gillum. Florida is garbage. Absolutely not. Uh. America don't a deserve Andrew Gillum. Period. Just like Georgia don't deserve Stacey Abrams. Re… You deserve the trash you've got. Need and deserve. Two different things. Exactly. Okay. Florida needs Andrew Gillum. Deserves hell the fuck no. <laugh> Y'all deserve Hades. Fire and brimstone. I'm so fucking tired of this raggedy assed bitch. Fuck Florida. I hate it. I hate it. I'm ashamed to say that I'm from that limp dick shaped piece of fucking shit. <laugh> And if I could, I would move all of my loved ones off of it, and set the whole shit ablaze. Fuck Florida. That's first. Oh. Secondly… Friend. I would like to say, uh, to Rebel Wilson. Now sis, I have been keeping my eyes on you. Wow! Whoa! I've been keeping my eyes on you bitch since, um, Miley What's Good. Whatever year that was at the VMAs. 'Cause I know it was the same year. I believe she's the one who presented Nicki Minaj that award. So, I know it was that award year. But that year, I distinctively remember, I think I used that word wrong. I remember Rebel Wilson coming on stage at the VMAs as, dressed as a cop, and then talking about, I know everybody's real sensitive towards cops right now. Oh. Yeah. And then, she like, stripped, and said some shit about, I hate, s, uh, cop strippers. The way that they, you know, they give you a half-assed lap dan. Stop. Basically, like making light of the Black Lives Matter movement. Whoo. You know. Yeah. Which, much like today, was move, if not, probably even more. Like, we were so in the move, we were in the streets. Right. Heavy at the time. Right. And here comes Rebel Wilson trying to make a joke about it. Talking about, I hate stripper cops. Ever since then, and I, I like to think that I'm the type of person who will look at like, a comedian and a, a bad joke or joke, to, po, like told in poor taste. mm-hmm <affirmative>. Be like, Okay. Let me see how you respond to this. Let's see how this is cleaned up if at all. Let's see how this things go. 'Cause plenty of people tell horrible jokes, plenty of people say things that are fucked up.Let's see how you respond to it. I don't remember her saying anything about it at all. So, I said, All right. I'm gonna wait. So, the other day, Rebel Wilson, who has some new movie coming out that I'm not gonna go see. mm-hmm <affirmative>. Apparently, it's a romance comedy. Um. And she said something along the lines of being the first plus-sized woman to star in a romance comedy. Which is like, Do you know how hold the film industry is Rebel Wilson? Like, For you to say that, I can't imagine that you didn't do any form of a Google first. Right. Like… You didn't even try. You, you didn't even try. I don't think you're from a far away place. Like, you're not from, the United States of America. You know what I'm saying? And that's not a negative at all. True. Don't get me wrong. But, you have to know that people have been making films for long time. Plus-sized and all. So, I'm not even going to cover you, um, like all of, people have already reminded you that Queen Latifah is a person- Right. Monique is a person. Rikki Lake is a person. She had the laughs. And, um. Like, they've, they've already given you the dragging and the history lesson that you deserve. And actually I appreciate the fact that those people were able to get their, you know, get their roses I guess. If I wanna go back to using that fucking word. Okay. In that moment. Like yes. Absolutely. Let's have a, a Queen Latifah standing moment. Let's recognize that she's done not one, but not two, but like, many romance comedies- Right. And movies of all kinds. And like- Right. What you're not gonna do is, just come in here and like, erase all of these women's hard work. Yes. And all of their achievements and stuff like that, because I guess you're feeling your Australian beat. Or whatever. And she does it, Queen Latifah does it without making her size a joke, or like something to be laughed at. Which is that, is that not the great thing? Which is the o, opposite of Rebel does. She's always, I'm the goofy fat girl. Here to be dumb and say something stupid. Oh. And flop all over the place you guys. I'm so hungry. Look at me. Oh. I'm so fat. And overly aggressive and sexual. Oh. Don't you want me? No? What? But I'm so goofy. It's, it's too much. You got that dragging. I just want to say that, I know you have apologized. And, you know, you kn, of course Monique came to Twitter. My baby, my, my loved one. I lost my beautiful once. I want you to do my bu. Right. <laugh> And she's trying to do the whole PR thing now. I guess she got the calls that she needed to get. I don't buy it. It's fuck Rebel Wilson for me. I wasn't gonna go see this movie even if you hadn't fucked up. The same. Um. But, I'm definitely not interested in anything you have to say or do anymore. Because, it's tacked on to that fuck shit that pulled at the VMAs already. And the fact that, rather than listening to the people who were, many of them, not even really dragging you, many people, I saw with my own black ass eyes, saying, Hey girl. Um. That's sweet and everything, but we want you to know that like, here's some of the reasons why you're not all the way correct. <laugh> Rather than listening to those people and just apologizing for being wrong. No. You decided that you wanted to go on the blocking spree and remain in your ignorance. Yeah. And we already, I've discussed for weeks at this point, how I feel about y'all just wanting to stay dumb. <laugh> It's strange. Right. I don't know why you like it, but f, Rebel Wilson can fuck off. Next, I would like to say… Oh man. MNEK. MNEK, um, posted the other day. Uh. Okay. Well, somebody on Twitter said something… Let me pull it up. I know who MNEK is. Yeah. Of course you do. Oh. Okay. In case you thought I was like, not hip enough. No. No. No. I wanna pull up the story so that I know, I can say exactly what <crosstalk>. Oh. Okay. I got you. What said. I thought that I already had the tab open. But, basically, I'm guessing, he slide into someone's DMs or something to that nature. And of course- Oh. Like a flirting kinda thing? Right. Mm. Um. So, he put this on his Instagram Live. It says, this is, uh, the person who I guess he reached out to, tweeted this. Say's, A, a famous singer wants to hook up with me, but isn't cute. Do I do it just to say I did? And then, he put, Take 10 guesses who the lucky famous singer was. Wow. Then he posted a followup to that that says, You could argue that I should be more careful with who I hook up with, because I'm somewhat of a public figure. But as a single young man, I gotta get my fix somehow. Can't fuck in fear. LOL. Please. Real. Some men are trash, and that's okay. I will continue to document my ups and downs as a young famous… Which he put in quotes. Gay, still figuring out boys and relationships. And even if they don't end up as the man of my dreams, they end up being great social media content. Um. Wow. I read that, uh, the idiot who posted the tweet has since said that he's a good person, and sometimes does stupid stuff, and asks that MNEK fans take their hate somewhere else. So, to this, I just wanted to say… Right. Like… Whoo. Why some many of y'all, when you get hit up for a date, or sex, or both by a celebrity, you feel like you gotta be a celebrity too now? Why can't you just go and have the sex, and mind your motherfucking business? Why you gotta tell the whole ass internet? Like I be, I get so, do you not have friends? Is nobody with a blue bubble in your motherfucking phone that you could get keke'd with if you had to keke with them. Yeah. Like wh, that's, i, I- Why would you say it on the internet? My friends would be like, Oh. Uh. Drake slid my DMs. Or, f, org- Yeah. Famous, gimme a famous athlete that's single. Uh. Right? Oh. Dale Beckham Jr. Oh. Dale Beckham Jr. Uh. Slid into my jacked. And, what should I do? Sounds, sounds plausible. Go- Fuck. Get the dick. Duh girl. Why are you telling… Like, I'm, I'm just- <laugh> What are you not doing in your life that you feel so unfulfilled, that you have to get onto the internet, and tell us story about your sexual partner. That you really isn't even a partner because you haven't fucked them. You're just telling us that they're interested in fucking you for what? Like, sweat. How is anybody supposed to a, to answer, or respond to that? A famous singer wants to hook up with me, but isn't cute, s, should I do it just to say I did. Who the fuck? Bitch. Wha, you weird bitch. Furthermore… I mean I- Stop fucking up, fucking for people who can keep secrets. You dumb-assed ho's. Like… <laugh> MNEK <crosstalk>- Motherfucker's got it too. Like, do you know that motherfucker's out here still have a sex drive, and are like, I can say, for me personally… Okay. Being recognizable, and trying to date. mm-hmm <affirmative>. Or sleep with anybody or whatever- Strange. Is so strange. It's, it's next to impossible. That's why I don't try. So, I just don't try. Right. Right. Like, I just don't try. I just don't do it. So, I just, little corny dumb shit like that, to me, I don't know. Like if, some nigga, famous or not, that I recognize, was to be like, Hey. What that mouth do? Or whatever the fuck you say in someone's DMs, or whatever. Yeah. I would probably be like, Oh. Well look at that. Well a lot actually. Would you like a demo? I'm on the radar. <laugh> Yeah. That is so nice. Why the fuck am I telling y'all? What the fuck! <laugh> Nigga, if you don't like do well with your job- For re-tweets. You, or, get employee of the fucking, or, or make your momma proud of you, or something else. You can share with us. Your sex partners, or your not even sex partners. Get a life. I know that y'all like need validation through the internet. Whoo. It's strange. Yeah. I don't like it. Last but not least. Um. I started playing this game called Red Dead Redemption 2. Red Dead Redemption 2 is a game, highly anticipated. It is a sequel of a game called Red Dead Redemption, which is a sequel of a game called Red Dead Revolver. All of these games are western, like, wild west games. I don't really care much about wild wests, or western films, books, games. I've seen very few of them. Most of the wild west movies I've seen, only because niggas were in it. Such as, Wild, Wild West and Will Smith. Um. Jamie Foxx in Django. And, Denzel in, what's it called? The Terrible, Terrible Seven? The Magnificent Eight? The Magnificent Seven? Whatever that cowboy movie is that Denzel just did. That I only say because Denzel was in it. I mean, I've seen No Country for Old Men. I've seen another one that Tarantino did. I've seen some classic Clint Eastwood stuff. The Magnificent Seven. Great. Yeah. But it's never been my thing. I bought this game because of hype. I bought it on impulse. Everybody said, Red Dead Redemption is one the best games, if not the best game ever made. Oh. And everybody was so excited about this fucking game. So, I said, Why not. Let's see what it's all about. So, I just wanna say, that um, the game is… <laugh> What really got me is that, somebody told me that you can set the KKK on fire. In fact, I saw a clip of someone throwing dynamite at a group of KKK members, and then blowing them all up. And I said, Well. Sold. Right. So, I bought it… Sounds fun. And, um, if I could describe it in one word I would say, Immersion. It is, uh, graphically beautiful. Very, very great game. Um. They make you do lots of little, tiny things, and they add details to everything to make it really feel like, you're a white man in the 1800s, nearly 1900s. Okay. And you're an outlaw and all of that stuff. Like you gotta clean your gun to make it work better. You have to feed your horse. You have to do all this like really small stuff. Right? Yeah. Okay. Okay. So, one of the things you have to do, right, is hunt for your camp. Like, hunt deer- Like find a camp? No. Oh. Like, hunt deer, rabbits, things like that. Mm. Like Oregon Trail. Bring food back to your camp and stuff like that. Yes. I have hunted in tons of games. I have killed animals countless games. Same. Even in this game, I remember, actually right before the story I'm getting into, there was a mission where I had to like, kill a bear. And then, skin it, and, so you could sell the pelts. And the animation that they have, where you skin the animal is so like, realistic- Okay. And gruesome that I was like, Whoo. I haven't heard PETA say anything, but they gotta be pissed. Who needs that? So, anyway, I get the pelts, and I'm headed back to the camp, and I decide, Well all right. Lemme get like, get a deer or something, so that I have food to take back to the camp with me. So, I get off the horse, I see this deer, and I pull my arrow out, and I shoot the deer, whatever. And, it doesn't die right away. Right? It sort of like, gets to like, gets up to like run off, but it's like injured. So, I shot it again. And again, it doesn't die right away, but now it can't move. Oh my god. So, I go over to like, get the deer, or whatever, and it is like, wailing in agony. What! As it slowly like, bleeding out. No. Oh god! And, and dying. And I would, I would, expe, expect extreme pain from the two arrows. I don't, I don't like this. But I shot one through the neck, and one through like, it's side. Oh my god! It's crying out in pain. Quite a young deer by the way. I don't like this. Um. And so, then you have the a, option to either like, kill it and put it out of its misery, or you could just let it die. Oh. I don't like this. I think that you actually lose, like, morality points for letting it die. So- Uh. The re, the game is fantastic. Like it's a really, really, really, great game. I'm actually impressed with how much I love it, because I had no expectations. I really didn't expect to care about it at all. Again, I bought it off of pure hype. Right. But it's really, really, good, great story in all. I wept. Like, I- I'm incredibly disturbed. I cried for real. Yeah. Like, I shed actual tears, and then I like, had to turn the game off. Like- That's so fucked up. I killed animals. I've hunted for animals. Usually like, you shoot a deer and the deer dies. Right. And then, that's it. Yeah. I've never played a game before where you kill an animal and it, and it wails out. Um. I felt- Sorry. Like garbage. So… <laugh> <laugh> I just wanna say to Rock Star Games, Fucking thanks. <laugh> Thanks a lot. For making a game where I'm, you know, made to hunt so that we can eat. Oh. But, you make it so detailed that I had to actually live through killing this poor animal. I'll never hunt again. Like, I won't, I refuse. I couldn't… That's so disturbing. <laugh> I was actually blown away by how emotional I wa, I was like really shaken by that. 'Cause I did not expect for that to happen. It was the saddest thing I've ever seen in a video game. Oh. So- I would have had- Thanks a lot I guess. I would have had to throw the whole game out. I would- Like, I'm never playing this again. I, uh, uh. That's so fucked up. I did not know that that was a thing. Like, I killed a whole assed bear, and nigga just died. You know what I'm saying? Like… Right. <laugh> This don't make no sense. Whoo. I'm glad brother the wild don't do me like that. And the bear fucked me up first. Like, the bear attacked us first of all, scratched me up, bit me up, and I killed it. And the thing like, the, the… This is how detailed it is. He had like bloody- Oh. Bear marks in his coat for like- Wow. The rest of that, like. So, it's really, really detail. That's too much. But that dead deer, caught me off guard. Man. I was shaken. I felt terrible. I actually cried. Yes. I don't go to games to dry unless it's a really emotional story. Which I love. But, that, nigga… It's so bad. I had to turn that shit off. I was like, What! What the fuck 59.99 did I just spend? My god. I'll shoot any one of the humans in the head. I've done plenty of that in Red Dead. Like, nothing. I walked to a, up to a nigga that was fishing, told him to give me his money, he pulled a gun out on me, so I blew his head off and took the money and went. Oh. And I felt nothing. Literally picked this headless cors, corpse up off the ground, robbed him, and walked off. Felt great. That dead deer, shook me to my core. <laugh> Why? Your horse can die. I just, this game is too much. Oh man. But, it's a great game. Ah. Well. Except for that feature. I hated that. That, that took a lot out of me. Well, they have to do, they have to put something in there to trigger your humanity. If you can't… Yeah. Something in the game has to disturb you. If it's not shooting nigga's in the head, then it has to be animals screeching as they die. 'Cause literally, any person that you walk by in this game, you have an option to like, greet them, antagonize them, rob them, and stuff like that. Like, anybody that you see. Right? Wow. So, you have a meter that's sort of like, when you do something like, fucked up, or evil, you kill somebody for no reason, you pay for it. And you have like a meter that's like, Hey. You fucking up. Oh. Okay. Likewise, if you do something nice, or good, you help somebody that's stranded on the road, or save somebody or whatever, it goes in the opposite direction. Gotcha. If you let an animal that you hunt bleed out and die, that meter goes down. Yeah. But, like, I don't wanna experience it crying out at all. <laugh> That was too fucking intense. They didn't have to put that part in there. I just wanna kill the white people. Like, like, I just wanna kill the racists. I came here to murder the KKK and I did not, nobody warned me. One person, one white man said, Darky at one point. No he didn't! And I wanted to kill him, and found out he's a part of my gang, so I guess I can't kill him yet. What. Oh. You white too. Yeah. But there's like, some black people in the gang, and we're like, nice to them. What? Yeah. In like, 1891. Oh no. This is mega. This is a lot. Yeah. They're like nice to like the <unk:dick>. I'm like, two black people in the camp. They're like, cool. The other, the white girls are nice to the black girl. What? Nah. They're like cool. But they still treat them like black people. They're, I guess, just aren't big enough. Got you. 'Cause technically they're outlaws, so everybody's trash. I don't know, maybe that's the rationale behind it. But, I mean, what it even legal to be a black person in 1891? Or was it? Like, I don't skim over the racism, but I, I was shocked that they have let people in this gang, that they're like, cool with and treat very nicely and stuff. Wow. We that's um- And you can set the KKK on fire. But, I just wasn't prepared for the grieving. Yeah. Me either. That I had to do for this digital animal. <laugh> That's so fucked up. It was heinous. Not for it to be howling at you like, I'm dying. I was like- I'm dying. You did it. Like, if you would have heard this baby deer- Oh no! Screaming out in agony. You killed a baby deer? It was the only deer available. We had to eat something. Right. And then, the nigga, when I took it back to the camp, had the nerve to talk about, I guess it would be worth it if, it would be worth more if it was a cleaner kill. But, whatever. I was like, Nigga. You go and kill these motherfucking deer bitch, and deal with them fucking crying before they die. You… I did the best I fucking could. <laugh> Don't judge my kill. You weird bitch. You didn't have to deal with it crying. Whoo. <laugh> You take your ass out there and see if you can do better then bitch. I turned that shit off, it's like, 'Where is Pokemon? You got it. Right. Just… I'm gonna play… That's not for me. World of Final Fantasies. Something else with cartoons. Yeah. I need to watch something saved after that. <laugh> That was… Oh man. Oh. That's it for me and this week. 'Cause you're gonna read and stuff. Halle, uh, lu. Yes. I also wanted to mention real quick before we go, fuck Donald Trump as always. Fuck Donald Trump as always. I know that he just made Jeff Sessions resign/was fired, because that's what it's called when you make somebody resign. Yeah. I mean, y'all can call it what you want. His son is going around telling all his friends that he expects to be indicted by the FBI soon. Honestly Junior, I also expect you to be indicted by Robin Mullis soon. Can't wait. Can't wait. Donald Trump has done so many disgusting, deplorable things, that, sometimes, we literally cannot keep track of them all. Like, a couple of weeks ago, when that man, whoever that was, shot up that synagogue. mm-hmm <affirmative>. And all them people were wounded- mm-hmm <affirmative> And died. And Donald Trump was, on TV talking about how terrible it was, but then was like, Maybe it wouldn't happened if they had been armed too. And then, when he went to Philly, all, all of Philadelphia was like, You guys are fucked up. Right. And like, marching the streets to keep him from being part of it. Like… Who is this guy? Fuck Donald Trump. You know, demons have names. Shout out to everybody who has resisting Donald Trump in every way that they can. With your vote. With your action. With your words. With, you know, your body. With your spirit in mind. Everybody who is fighting Donald Trump is fighting the good fight. So, take time for yourself, but also celebrate the wins. Yeah. And let's keep going y'all. Like, we can, I honestly feel a surge of hope that maybe it will not be the end of the fucking world. Like, literally. And maybe we can get this motherfucker the fuck up outta here. Yeah. I feel like God has been telling me, uh, two things. First of all, uh, God turned this light on and revealed these roaches. Oh yeah. Like, once and for all, we gotta like, make it real clear- mm-hmm <affirmative>. What is really going on. Yeah. Now is the time. Yep. To do it. 'Cause nothing can be hidden. Everything is right here out in the open. Yeah. So, we gotta call it as we see it. mm-hmm <affirmative>. And now we gotta do the same thing that God told me. Yes. He spoke. We spoke. We talk. He's my Nigger. Work for our blessings. That's right. We got- He wan't just about to give us this whole ass election and just be like, Here. The end. Happily ever after. No. <laugh> All right. We've gotta, we, we had some, some wins yesterday. Now we've got to do some more work and keep the momentum going. Yes. But, I do believe we can do it. And keep our feet on his neck. Like, their… That's the thing, like, it's not really about us as voters. Which is a position I have come to… Since 2016, I was really pissed at third party voters. And now, you know, in states where it's super close. I am still pissed at third party voters. Oh. Hell yeah. Especially if, if you would have voted liberally. But a lotta those people vote just to be assholes. They probably wrote in like, Grover or something. Right. And, so it was just, you know, people not taking this as seriously as they should But… But, the system is legit, set up for us to fail. Like. Yes. It makes no sense that states like South Dakota get the same number of congress people as states like California and New York, where there are about a billion more people. And it makes no sense that a candidate can win the popular vote, and yet, not be elected. And yet, that happens in America all the time. Like, the system is not set up for us to win. It's not fair. Right. It's not. It's not set up for us to really be an equal part of the democracy. It just isn't. So, we're all doing the best we can. I wanna encourage us to continue to do that. But as always, fuck Donald Trump. All of 'em. And we are all in agree, like, the Jews hate this nigger, the blacks hate this nigger. Did you hear him on TV today, lying, talking about his numbers are higher than ever with the African Americans? Bitch. He said this, hasn't he said that before? I don't know. Yes. And I don't know who continues to feed him this lie. Why? Stop, we, uh… I don't know if Fox News is giving that to him every day, but it's surely not. Bro, we do not fuck with you. We hate you. Latinos, now the white ones, we all know… Hey. They, hashtag problematica. It's a little spotty out here. Right. But most of my brown and black Latino's is not what you're a dumb shit either. The Asians not fucking with you, like, the gays is not fucking with you. It's just, ev, all of us with good sense and, and morals and values against Donald Trump. And you know what. Also shout out to Rihanna. Bad gallery <crosstalk>. Hell yes. And every other musician. <laugh> Shout out to HBO and Game of Thrones. Everybody who was like… Nope. You won't be using any of our things to promote your fuckery bitch. Not me. Bitch. We don't care anything. And you know why I love it so much. Oh my god. Because I know he, hates that shit. mm-hmm <affirmative>. Like, that shit really eats him to his core. Because He's so full of shit. Yep. And his head is so far up his own ass, that Rihanna's black ass, or anybody else- Yeah. Saying, Bitch, don't be suing my motherfucking music at your shit ass white person ma, rallies bitch. Oh yeah. I don't ever wanna hear that shit again. Cease and desist. I know that that shit ver, like it boils his Ovaltine. So… Actually, Mo said, You got me fucked up. Stop playing Guns and Roses at your shit bitch. I think Ferrell did it with Happy. Yes he did. Game of Thrones was like- When he posted, y'all's president posted himself in a fucking meme. The president of the United States <inaudible>. He really did that. This, uh… I just know that there are many reasons- Oh. For- Give us free. That administration to be quite shaken right now. Give us free. Like, they should be shook. We got work to do, and we're gonna do it. A lotta the people who weren't doing shit in their positions before, or they were doing the opposite of the work that needed to be done- Yep. It's a new day. Yep. And it's new people with vigor. Like, people who are ready- Yes. And more than willing to pull the cards. That's right. All of the stuff that needs to be brought to the table. So. You know. Let's take the, the good where we can. The next two years, it's time to work harder. We gonna get these bitch ass Republicans outta here. We gonna get these bitch ass Democrats who always wanna see both sides and reach across the aisle. And, and negotiate with president. We gonna get them niggers the fuck outta here too. We ain't got time for y'all's lazy asses. Ain't got time for that bullshit. The Republicans are not reaching across a goddamn thing. The Republican banded together and made sure that Barack Obama could not fill that Supreme Sc, Court seat, and now, Donald Trump has appointed three. Three. That's, it's insane. So, I don't wanna hear that bullshit no more. Shout out to everybody whose doing what they can to get this motherfucker outta office, and to make life better for the rest of us. That will wrap up this weeks episode of The Read. Check us out at thisistheread.com. And on social media at thisistheread. Kid Fury, do you have any news this week? Was there drama in the Facebook group? So… I still haven't, <laugh> I still haven't seen Facebook group. So there's a, so it's private now. The, the fan page book. I <crosstalk> But, the fan page book. The fan Facebook page. But, yes, somebody did email me. A couple of somebody's emailed, talking about, Uh. The Facebook fan page group is very mean. And they do like niggers being, you know, coming here and talking. And they don't like newcomers. And so, I posted about it on Twitter, and, I feel like half the group came, in my mentions. It was like, We had to get some homophobic and transphobic ho tap niggers the fuck up outta here. 'Cause we told them, don't come in here with this shit. This is some Kid Fury and Crissle shit. Bitch. And so, don't do it. And someone's like, Okay. I guess so. When I was told to, uh, when I was given information about this Facebook group, I was told very, uh, clearly that is is, um, like that Afro punk poster. But for real. Right. You know, like, the- No sexism, racism. No misogyny. Fat phobia. No transphobia. No, none of that. No Islamophobia. No ableism. No nothing bitch. Nothing. No nothing bitch. We here for everybody ho. And you can get your ass up outta here. That's right. They said… I'm fine with that. They said, uh. Leave, you know, the official read page to the annies who don't really know how to Facebook like that. Oh. And let, let the Facebook fan page be for the real niggers. Wow. <laugh> Well, I'm, uh, part of the former. You know. Because, I don't know now to use Facebook. I, I don't use Fa, I literally log in once a week to post a link for the show. And then, I let y'all go on about your, your days. So, I don't, you know, I don't too much do all that. But anyway. Uh. We have a show coming up next week. The Work It Festival. Right? Yep. WNY to the C, at the Knockdown Center. That will at Tuesday, November 13th. Yes. Okay. So make sure that you're in the place and showing your face. Tickets at thereadlive.com, as well as tickets or upcoming shows in Nashville, Denver, Seattle, and Miami. Nashville, we will see you guys next Saturday. Uh. Make sure you come out to the Popup Shop. Hosted by our friend, Jade of All Jades a.k.a. Fade of All Fades. Aka, problematica favorita, that's my nigga. Anything else before we go? Uh. I think that's it. All right. Do we have an acronym this week? F, C, O, S, T- Oh shit. B. F, C, O, S, T, B. Yeah. Fuck. Is it fuck? mm-hmm <affirmative>. Fuck, cer, ca, ch, cabbage, cadil, ca- <laugh> Fuck, colonizers. Yeah. Fuck can… Can you stand the rain. Can't… Candid. Fuck candid. Fuck Candidates. Fuck Candice Owens. Fuck Candice Owens. See that bitch. And that's it. Oh. And people, see you guys… It is time to go. Next week. Bye folks. 