Support for today's episode is brought to by ReaHealth.com. Right now my listeners can get $25 off their first month when you visit ReaHealth.com/elevator and use the coupon code elevator. Recovery Elevator episode 195. But I think there is like two parts of that battle. It's, it's the battle with the outside world that kind of talks to you a little bit, it's the battle inside your own head that kind of tells you, Oh yeah, I've, I've done this. I've, I've had a hard day at work. Like I, I'm totally okay to, to drink. Welcome to the Recovery Elevator podcast. My name is Paul Churchill. Thank you so much for joining us. On today's podcast, we've got Corey. He's 25 years old. He's from Boston, Massachusetts, and he's been sober for five days. Guys, in one week, on November 19th, registration for the Recovery Elevator Nashville Social is going to be open. There are a limited number of spots, so don't wait to register. We did this in Dallas the previous year and had an absolute blast. If you're gonna join us in Nashville, and again, those dates are February 22nd, 23rd, 24th. That's a Friday, Saturday, Sunday. You've got two options. You can attend the entire weekend of festivities or you can just meet with us on Saturday night. There's gonna be a seminar. We're gonna change our relationship with alcohol, and we're also going to break off and do some smaller workshop events like that. It's gonna be a blast. I hope to meet you there. And guys, I'm excited about today's sponsor, Ria Health. This is probably the most applicable sponsor we've had on the podcast, and Ria Health is the modern alternative at-home approach that helps people drink less alcohol. The program gives people a choice in their recovery, because Ria helps its member to reduce and moderate alcohol consumption as well as go completely abstinent if that's your goal. In an analysis of Ria's members, it showed that on average, people reduce their drinking by 50% within the first 30 days of the program. How? Because Ria's program is evidence based. They combine FDA approved medications that are scientifically proven to reduce cravings for alcohol, in addition to one-on-one support to change your behaviors and relationship to alcohol. Ria also offers online peer meeting groups and app based drink tracking tools to measure progress towards your goals. Ria's program is month to month, so there's no commitment. Most Ria member stay with the program for about one year once they achieve their goals. And right now my listeners can get $25 off their first month when you visit RiaHealth.com/elevator. That's R-I-A-health.com/elevator and be sure to use the coupon code elevator. In episode 154, I talk a little bit about similar treatment methods, and if you do decide to use RiaHealth.com, shoot me an email and let me know what your experience is. Okay. Let's get started. I got the idea for this podcast episode from an article that was sent my way in the Irish Times. You can find a link to this article in the Recovery Elevator 195 show notes on the RecoveryElevator.com website or in your podcast player. And thank you, Mike, for always playing together is such a fantastic show notes. In the article it says: It's a quirk of a law that a bottle of alcohol free beer must list its ingredients, but there is no such requirement for a bottle containing actual alcohol. It makes no sense, says dr Peter Rice of NHS in Scotland. dr Rice, a consultant psychiatrist, and chairman of the Scottish Health Action on Alcohol Problems was a leader in the campaign there to introduce minimum unit pricing, a floor price below which a unit of alcohol cannot be sold. This is actually fantastic legislation. It's a great law. The measure has been brought in from May 1st to reduce harmful drinking caused by the strongest and cheapest alcohol, and last month, the Parliament in Wales pass similar legislation. Introducing the Floor Price Law took six years from the time the Scottish Parliament passed the legislation. Now, Scotland and the rest of the EU are watching the very slow passage of the Public Health Alcohol Bill. This is the country's attempt to deal with its drinking problem. The latest row is over labeling and the provisions to include health warnings on labels linking alcohol to cancer. Ireland will be the first EU state to have such labeling if it gets the green light from the European Commission, which is expected to make a decision next month. The legislation has taken almost three years to date since it was first introduced in December 2015. The Scottish legislation was delayed by a legal challenge from, guess who, the Scotch Whiskey Association. If passed, then a bottle of beer in Ireland would have a cancer warning that would cover one third of the bottle. At this moment, nothing has been passing into law, but this does spark an interesting dialogue, and I hope they can get this one right. Now let's circle the wagons and reread the first line again. It says: It's a quirk of a law that a bottle of alcohol free beer must list its ingredients, but there's no such requirement for bottle containing actual alcohol. Yeah, quirk of a law, I'd say so. I hope this changes in Ireland and the rest of the EU soon. The good news is that some countries already do place warnings on their labels. Let's see what the country Colombia has to say. In Colombia, a bottle of beer says: This product is harmful to the health of children and pregnant women and the excess of alcohol is harmful to your health. Bueno, Colombia. Nice job on pointing a finger at a smoking gun. Let's see what Colombia's neighbor Ecuador has to say: The excessive consumption of alcohol restricts your capacity to drive and operate machinery, may cause damage to your health and adversely affects your family. Whoa. Let me just summarize that last line for you. Alcohol can create a wake of destruction for you and everyone around you. Spot on, Ecuador. Nice job. Let's pop over to Scandinavia. This is what Sweden has to say: Alcohol can cause stroke and cancer. Alcohol is dependence producing. Alcohol can cause nerve and brain damage. To begin drinking at an early age increases the risk of having alcohol problems, and alcohol can injure your health. I'm going to go ahead and raise up my LaCroix and say Skal to you, Sweden. Nice job. Let's see what Korea has to say: Warning, excessive consumption of alcohol may cause liver cirrhosis or liver cancer, and is especially detrimental to the mental and physical health of minors. Just like the 2018 Winter Games, you nailed it, Korea. Nice job. Let's see what Russia has to say: Warning, do not drink and drive. You may spill your beverage. Well, I'm just kidding on this one. I actually did some extensive online searching and wasn't able to find the warning label for a bottle of beer in Russia, perhaps because they don't have one. Now it's pop over to the USA. This is what it says on our products containing alcohol: According to the Surgeon General warning, women should not drink alcoholic beverages during pregnancy because of risk of birth defects. Hang on here. Let me, uh, let me, uh, read a little further. What does it say about men? Nothing. Yeah. Nothing about men. Okay. This label is speaking to such a small percentage of people. In fact, this label is probably directed to less than 3% of the population and probably even less than that. Like the contents inside the bottle, this label is shit. Come on, USA. This podcast is geared more towards shredding the shame around alcohol addiction and getting sober groups together for awesome meetups in fun places like Machu Picchu in Nashville this upcoming February, but my goodness, this makes me mad. If I had a spare moment in 2019, I may get a petition going to get a more accurate description on a beer bottle, which relays the message that alcohol is dangerous and can cause a wide swath of destruction for everyone involved, not just for pregnant woman. Okay, calm down, Paul. So here's the good news. This shouldn't be the spinning newspaper you see in the movies with breaking news. If you're listening to this podcast, you're probably already aware that alcohol can be volatile and destructive. You don't need the warning label. You already know it. So, do these labels work? According to a 2011 New York Times article, countries that placed hideous photos and warnings on packs of cigarettes saw an average of five percent decline of tobacco use over the course of a year. That's saving a major amount of lives. Why does this work? The same reason Instagram works, a picture tells a thousand words. What I propose, just like the packs of cigarettes, place a picture, a clear image of where the drug alcohol can lead you, maybe even put a picture of someone trying to ride a bike into a swimming pool without water. theChive app could furnish an unlimited supply of pictures of people doing dumb shit while drunk. The first couple can be humorous, then some themes start to present themselves. Tobacco is the third leading cause of death, and here's the warnings on their packages: Smoking kills. Cigarette smoking is dangerous to your health. Cigarettes are addictive. Much better. Alcohol is the fifth cause of death in the US, and the labels make it sound like drinking alcohol is the same thing as a bad night's rest for a pregnant woman. Guys, I will do my best to keep you informed if I hear if the legislation passes in Ireland. I'm hoping it does. Before we hear from Corey, let's hear from my favorite resource on recovery, Cafe RE. The most important thing I've learned while doing the Recovery Elevator podcast is we can't do this alone. Believe me, I tried for over two years and it didn't work, so here's the good news: with Cafe RE, you get access to a confidential and unsearchable Facebook group, which is capped at 300 members to ensure intimacy. Then you get access to the Cafe RE forum outside of Facebook, which means you don't need a Facebook account to be part of Cafe RE. Both are private and only members can see who is in the groups and what is said. In the forum and Facebook group, you get instant accountability and genuine connection with others who also wish to lead a life without alcohol. In Cafe RE, you'll find that being sober is a tremendous opportunity and not a sacrifice. For just $19 a month, you too can join the conversation. You can be paired with an accountability partner, attend educational online webinars, online meetups, attend in-person meetups and retreats, participate in book club, movie club and more. Go to RecoveryElevator.com and use the promo code opportunity to waive the setup fee. I hope to see you there. Corey. How are you? I'm good, Paul. Thanks for having me on. Yeah, Corey, thanks for joining us. Corey, let's get right into this. How long have you been sober? Well, a good five solid days. So, what is it Thur- it's a Thursday, so counting back to last week, and the weekends are what really get me these days, so. Gotcha. And we'll talk about an upcoming camping trip to Maine. I don't know if it's a camping trip, but an upcoming trip to Maine this weekend. We'll talk about how we're gonna get through that sober. But five days, nice job. Congratulations, Corey. There was a time in my journey where I would've killed for five days. I was on day one, two, three, that hamster cycle for a long time. So, nice job. I bet that feels good. Yeah, it does. And… Yeah, it really is kind of a, a loop right now. I'm stuck in this cycle of one, two, three, four, five and, and trying to break, and, and, and getting into three, two or three weeks in a row would be really awesome, but I'm in the thick of it right now. Yeah, and, and human beings, we are good at playing the comparison game, especially on the social media feed. You scroll down and at the unconscious level, we see other people with different jobs, with houses, with spouses and these accomplishments in life, and I know I personally did it too with sobriety, and, and you mentioned before I hit record that, You know, I've only got five days. I don't really know if what I have to share will, will be well received. Corey, we're just gonna stuff all that in a bag, throw it off the train, because it doesn't matter. And if you're listening as well and you've only got one, two days, zero days, 20, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. So, Corey, I gotta say nice job for coming on the podcast with five glorious days, five awesome days. I'm excited for the interview. Yeah, thanks. Yeah, now give listeners a little background about yourself, maybe where you're from, what you do for a living, your age, do you have a family and what do you like to do for fun? Yeah, sure. So I grew up in Minnesota, and so that was, that was a good time. I grew up, you know, playing a bunch of sports and one of the big sports for me was, was playing hockey, but then I went to school in, and, uh, in Wisconsin, and after school I came out to Boston, and now I'm 25. I'm working a full time gig out here and just trying to figure out what the meaning of life is after college because I know that up until college, you know everything's kind of planned for you, you have A, B and C and then after you get out in the real world and then you're kind of just like, well now what, you know, and, and kind of life hits ya a little bit. And that's kinda what happened to me. Before we get into all that, what else I like to do is exercise, I've been doing that, I've been building a great regimen the last couple of years with, with exercising, a- almost every day and one of the things I love to do is, you know, go to concerts, listen to music. I love music. I play guitar. I found a piano outside of my apartment when I first moved in. It was sitting by the garbage can, and I said, Hmm, I wonder if this works, and I, you know, I brought it up and I started with the piano too, and I probably have, you know, a total of five guitars, so I love doing that. That's kind of my routine, and right now actually I have a, a trip to Colombia coming up, Colombia in South America, and I'm going there for 10 weeks and I have <laugh> never learned Spanish before. So I've been doing the Spanish thing for the last two months. I've been going a har- uh, for a half an hour to an hour every day trying to learn Spanish. So it's, it's exciting. And that actually is very fun because I'm going down there and just to, to learn a different language and actually, you know, put it to use right away is, is really motivating for me. So. Corey, <unk:Foreign_Language> in Colombia. <laugh>. Uh, Bogota. There you go. <crosstalk> Yeah, I've been there. I got it. I've been in Medellin, Bogota, and <unk:Bernakia>. That place is awesome. You're gonna love it. Yeah. Perfect. I'm staying in Chapinero. I don't know much about it, but I hope I get comfortable enough there that I can start spreading out… you know, and I'm going down there to work and on weekends I hope I can get out to some of the other places that you just mentioned and whatnot. So. Yeah, that sounds incredible. And I want to comment on what <laugh> you said about college, is like your life's plan all before you. I saw a meme and a couple of years ago that just cracked me up. There's a photo of kids throwing their graduation caps in the air and the caption was, Congratulations. You just finished the easiest part of your life. <laugh>. Yeah, I totally <laugh> saw that and I, t- I agree, and I think that people aren't prepared for it and, and… or at least I wasn't prepared for it. I, I shouldn't speak for anybody else, but I think it was a couple of years after I got in the real world that I was just like, what am I doing? Where am I going? What are my goals? Am I hitting my goals? And I looked at myself in the mirror and I said, Not really. So that kind of started, started a weird point in my life the la- that I've been gone through the last year or so. So. Yeah, well, give listeners a little background with your drinking. Describe your drinking habits. You mentioned in the email you sent to me that you were hit by the drug alcohol train your senior year of high school, and it… bring us up to speed to age 25, and did you ever attempt to quit, moderate, things like that, and, and give us some timeframes in your story, and take as much time as you need. I'm excited to hear it. Yeah, sure. So it was senior year and, and… when I started, you know, getting into that. Before that it was not as proud to just be totally away from all that stuff. And I wasn't… I don't know, you know, I kind of… some other influences that made me think that certain… or that, like, for example, marijuana was okay. That's always the one where people can say, Okay, this is not that bad for you, so why don't you try it? I'm not saying it's a gateway, but I'm not… and I'm not saying that's what led me to alcohol, but I, I'm saying that, all right, you know, that was kind of what started it for me. And then, you know, when high school came and, and uh, the senior year le- uh, and that year my friends, you know, were all, were all kind of experimenting with that. So I joined in them with that. And it was fairly fun, you know, it was great. It didn't like, you know, it felt great and, and it didn't turn into anything reckless, you know, I never got in trouble, and it never was exce- you know, uh, excessive for that year. And then, you know, going to college and all that stuff, I remember moving in and being really excited to be on my own and away from my parents, and, and you know when you have the welcome week at Wisconsin <laugh> we ha- you know the, we had a whole week for f- for freshmen. Not, you're not going to class, you're not studying, you just have a whole week there to, to meet people and party and, and we made it a, you know, we were proud of the fact that every day for, you know, one or two weeks we were getting, you know, hammered every night, and, which I thought was a great thing. And so that kind of just set the ball rolling, and you know, I can think back to nights I had in my freshman year when I should've been studying for physics, but instead I was, you know, playing Xbox in my dorm room alone and, and, and taking shots, and I was just like, nothing, nothing was wrong with the, with that image in my mind at that time. And it took a long time for me to get away from that type of, uh, behavior, or just to realize and, and escape that, uh, denial. But throughout college I think that was much the same. It was partying and even, for me, just sitting on, at my computer playing, playing a video game or, or watching YouTube and just, you know, have the case right next to you or the bottle right next to you. Sure. And, and that's, so that's how that kind of escalated, and I, and, and nothing, there were no bad signs, you know, I was still getting above a th- a 3.0 and, and doing well above that. And, you know, I was cramming all my tests in the way I did in high school and I was doing all, you know, ge- doing all that stuff. And I was okay with that, you know, I thought as long as I'm going through the motions in college at the end, you know, when I get out of college, you know, it'll, everything will be okay. I'll have done what I needed. So I kind of coasted through college. And then after college I got into the, I got a job, a boss and that was great, you know, I had all this money to, you know, help fuel my, my habit. But, uh, I started coasting through the real world as well, and I did that for a couple of years. And nothing really changed either, you know, people I think when they leave college they might change their habits in the way. But I think that's kind of silly to think that that would actually happen. So, it didn't happen for me, you know, right after college, I was still kind of doing the same things I did then, but just transferring it over and it… it was still just denial for the longest time. And when it got to the point, I think it was about two or three years after, when I was just like, where am I going, what am I doing, and, and just thinking about how much productivity I wasted. Um, it kind of just hit me in the face, and what really kind of started it was, was I had a, I had a kind of a, a really important relationship to me that kind of ended with, with, you know, the fact that I just wanted to go and, and drink all the time and party- Sure. throughout. And then, so when, when I lost them initially it was, it was totally fine, it was fine, it was whatever. I just kind of buried all that emotion down and I'm trying my best to kill it with, with booze, and then after about six months or so later, the feelings, you know, started creeping back up. And it was too late to do anything about it at that point because it had been so long and other people have moved on and I hadn't, because I- Well, hang on one sec. When you said after a couple of months had passed or six months passed, the feeling started to come back up. Can you elaborate a little bit more about that? Is it, is <crosstalk> it from the breakup you said, the breakup due to alcohol? Yeah, exactly. Okay. And so it was more of like we kind of, you know, when one… No, she, no, she went in one direction, I went in another direction with our lives, because I wanted to do with certain things like, you know, party more and whatnot. So the routine was I would feel great on Friday, and I'd have the whole weekend to, you know, spend with my, with my buddies and do all those things, and I'd feel great, and then Monday would come and I'd have a depressive, you know, Monday, depressive Tuesday, depressing Wednesday and then Thursday came around, I started to feel better, so it was like that. I'm like, Well, eventually, this is going to go away. You know, I just gotta keep going through these weeks and never really did, and it ended up getting worse for me, it ended up getting a lot worse, and I just, you know, I kn- knew something had to change. I, I wasn't comfortable with where I was at, and I needed to just, you know, I think there's part of me that I was like, Well, why, how di- why did that fail? It must've been your fault. And so I really wanted to make a change and I kind of just one morning scribbled down some notes in a book and I was like, I need to change A, B and C. and it was like basically I need to stop smoking pot, I needed to stop smoking tobacco, I needed to stopped drinking altogether, and like, these were the three things. And I was like this is something that I don't know how I'm gonna be able to do. So I, I have some somewhere. I, I didn't bring them up, but, but it… I, I don't have them with me, but I wrote down this whole plan of how I'm going to do it, and that was like an August, uh, like three, three years after I graduated college, just… that kind of lasted for a couple of days and I would still go back into my old routines, you know? And then it wasn't until like October… Oh, actually I, I should s- step back a little bit. In August I made the same, I made the decision to, to knock one of those three out. This was August of last year? Yeah, August of last year. So 2017. Okay. Yeah, exactly, about a year ago. And so I q- I quit buying, uh, marijuana altogether because it was something that I always kind of had on me and I always kind of did and it was part of the cocktail, so to speak. So I did that, and I got the ball rolling with that, because that was relatively easier to do. I, I s- you always hear about how it is less a- addictive, but then came kind of like the step, the part two of that whole grandmaster plan to get back to like, to being comfortable with who I was or, you know, being okay with who I was, which was quitting tobacco. And that happened in early November. So it was about two and a half, three months after stopping the, uh, marijuana was quitting tobacco. And that just went so f- well, because I was so, so focused on being in, changing who I was. And I was so, like kind of depressed with who I was and I needed to make a change. I needed to do something to get you right on the right track. So I did that, and I was so obsessive with it. I was like counting days one, two, three, four, all the way up to like 60, you know, in my planner. Every time I got into work I'd write here's one more day, and, and I'd obsess over it. And it went like really well for the first, like two or three weeks, I was able to, you know, to work and get all that. But then I remember going home for like Thanksgiving break, and the, even the day before I left home, I just, I, I felt the worst I had ever felt in my entire life. I think it was the se- yeah, it was the third week after quitting smoking, I hadn't, I was just so depressed, like to the point for a week, for a whole, for one week, I, was so depressed that, like, tha- for once in my life I could tell you that I drank alcohol to try to like go to bed, because I couldn't go to bed- mm-hmm <affirmative>. or keep my mind, like, calm without it. And so at that point I started realizing, wow, this is a, this is really messing with your brain, because if these chemicals can like shift your mood so much when you don't have 'em for three weeks, then I have been doing damage to my brain for so long that I really need to start right now to make it, uh, make it better, you know? Yeah. And, and, and listeners, this is why I wanted to bring Corey on the podcast, because he sent me an email, he didn't even request to do an interview. I read this and was like, I, I want to explore this more in depth on the podcast. You basically said, I had an epiphany after a bad breakup due to alcohol that I'd quit my vices, start by quitting cannabis, then tobacco, then alcohol. That was the idea, and I haven't bought pot in a year. Nice job, Corey. I haven't bought tobacco in almost 10 months. Super nice job, Corey. But I'm just having a hard time shaking alcohol because it's all around me and it seems acceptable. I actually don't recommend quitting cannabis, pot… or your cannabis, tobacco and alcohol all at once. Like that's almost like biting off a little bit more than anybody can chew. So I think the strategy was right there. But yeah, the alcohol is just the beast, and in my opinion alcohol is the gateway drug that leads to all, you know, all the other addictions, in, in this realm, shall I say. But yeah. Let's talk a little bit more about the alcohol and, and how you know, the last 10 months, what have you tried to do and how have you gotten, and, and, and bring us up to speed today? Yeah, so it kind of started with, in the new year, so this is January of 2018, that I kind of really got my bearing. My se- my, I had my, my eyes set on the, on the prize, uh, to just get sober from, you know, from alcohol, and it, and it was going really well, you know, and, and another big thing that I don't know if you're interested to talk about was I, this is about the same time I ended up being so desperate to, to save myself you know, it was that I ended up going for mental health and I, and I ended up getting myself a therapist too. And so- Good job. Yeah, that was a, that was a big deal for me and, and- Huge. I was really so scared to, to, to call right away, you know, and, and it took me a, a… a lot of time to just call a number, but I really had to, and I, and I did that, and I, and I got one and I have been seeing him for, for eight months, you know, up until this day. Back to January, I was doing really well, I had like 20 or so days, but then, you know, I had a trip planned with my buddies down in New Orleans, and we all know how, how crazy New Orleans is and that- <laugh>. kind of ruined it, that, that streak for me. Yeah. And I remember distinctively coming back from that trip, it was like three weeks I had been, uh, sober or so, and I came back from that and I was just like in the shower on the next morning. So I just felt so bad about myself because I just let myself down, that I just, I literally broke down right there in the shower and I was just like, Jesus, I'm in a really bad spot right now because I'm depressed and I can't… <laugh> No, I don't know where to go from here. I don't know what to do. So I've had to like, kind of, what's the term for it, ride it out since then, you know, I try to go, you know, get over all that, the pain and pretty much emo- all that emotional pain I had. But since then, I, I think I did, I've done really well at, at improving what I had done before, like my old habits of, of every night of the week, you know, having six plus beers every night, like that's no longer at, the case. But the struggle really is now how do we maintain a long streak? How do we still enjoy, um, our friendships with, without that, how can we find something that's not revolved around booze, because everybody wants to go to the bar, everybody wants to go to this that has alcohol and do this and that and that, and it's, it's really hard to escape it, and especially when you've built your life around it, it, it just makes it all that harder because you have nobody to turn to. I mean you can turn to your family, but when you're across the country from your family, you really can't do that either. And so that's pretty much it. And, and I think it was also, you know, over the summer, I kind of just relaxed a little bit on, on trying to, you know, give it up, but I still had it in the back of my mind that it was something I needed to do. And I just haven't been able to, to shake it. Corey, there's a lot to talk about right there. There, there's a lot. And, uh, I want to back it up before we get to the questions, like how do you do this? And we'll address that in a second. But, um, was there a rock bottom moment five days ago or was it like a sick and tired of being sick and tired? Like, here we go again, and then we got five days today. Yeah. So, the rock bottom moment that kind of shifted my mindset was really like kind of serious. It was back in that October, Ro- Rome, I think it was after, you know, I had stopped buying pot, so that was fine. But I was still, um, I went out to a party. It was October, it was Halloween and I went out to a Halloween party, and I, I was drinking with all these folks and, uh, people I didn't know, people I knew, and I still didn't feel good. And um, I just, um, instead of sti- you know, meeting those people and staying there, I just decided to leave, and I, I came back to my room. Wait, this was last October you said? This is last October. Yeah. And so you were drinking, and, you know, still drinking- Yeah. and using, but you still, but you didn't feel good. I didn't feel good. And you, and I'm sitting there and I'm, and I'm at my desk, like I usually am with a bunch of beer and, and I was smoking cigarettes probably, I'm in my room inside, which is technically not allowed, but I was just pretty much in it, you know, I was kind of, you know, and you talk about a lot and, same way for me, I was just trying to think of, of ways to just pretty much end it all and just like, how can I get outta here? And I remember like Googling, how do, you know, <laugh> how do you buy a gun? And I was like, what am I doing? What is wrong with me? And I like literally was fed up. I shut the, I shut the computer off and I was like, I went to bed and I was like, what is wrong? And that was kind of my rock bottom where I was just like, I need serious help, because I, I don't want to live right now and I just need to, I need to get out of that hole. And so that was the rock bottom moment. And it's been a struggle to get to where I am now. I feel a lot better today, but I know it's not perfect and I know I have more progress to go through, so. Corey, I have good news for you. Is from October to September 11 months, it might not seem like a lot of progress has taken place, but the way I see it, tremendous progress has happened. And I got more good news for you, is that at the unconscious level, your body has made the decision to move forward to Corey 2.0. That progression is happening right before our eyes, and you can go back to using, smoking tobacco, but it's gonna suck. It's not gonna be enjoyable, that unconscious mind is gonna make you feel terrible about drinking it, not me. I'm not shaming you at all. I'm gonna love you just the same amount if you drink tomorrow or, or if you keep going sober the rest of your life, but for all of us, we're almost afforded this luxury where alcohol, it stopped working. It just, it, we just, we can't go back to what it is, but you're kind of in this cognitive dissonance stage of your life where the conscious mind, the unconscious mind, they're battling each other. Part of it's like, no, we're done, you know, and then later in the day it's like, no, we're drinking again. That is a difficult time. And you mentioned earlier that, you know, you built a life around alcohol. Now, part of this is the post acute withdrawal symptoms, and this is all an opinion and hearsay, part of it is your body is coming back online, when you're going away from cannabis, from tobacco and, uh, and, and booze, but also I just read a book balled, called You Are the Placebo by Joe Dispenza. The instant we decided to make a different life, and this is moving away from alcohol, drugs, pot, anything, an addiction, our body will create negative emotions to pull us back. And that's part of it too. Like actually, when we decide I'm done drinking, we're gonna feel uncomfortable, because our body is entering the unknown, going to a new routine, and it's tough. It's tough. So you, you've made tremendous progress. That's the point I'm trying to make. Yeah. And, and thanks for that, because I, I agree. It's a- it's really hard. It's, it's, it's really amazing to see how, how hard it is to make behavioral changes that are so drastic like that, because it really affects your mood, and like I was unable to focus for so long after I had quit smoking, and, and it was just so tough and even with the drinking too, and it was like just… I was… I don't know <laugh> really just going, how the heck does this even happen, and where do, you know, how do you get over this? Because it just changes your mood so drastically, and you're just like, is it gonna, is it gonna be a. A, you know, a brighter, brighter future, future ahead or is it always gonna be like this? How long it's going to take, how many days off of work can I really take, how many unproductive days at work can I really have when I'm going through all this, this bad funk, because I need to be productive at work too in order to pay for everything and that just adds more financial stress to the situation and all that stuff. So, it really does add up and, and it's really hard, and like you're saying, I, I think the progress is tremendous. I gotta be positive, I gotta frame it the right way, and I gotta just keep chugging along. Yeah, absolutely. And you're asking the right questions, because there was a time in my journey, the questions I was asking was like, all right, if I go five days off, then can I go two days on? and repeat that cycle. You're asking the questions of how do I do this? How do I move forward in a life without these substances? You're asking the right question. And let's actually address part of that right now. You are going, before I hit record, you mentioned you're going with your roommates to Maine this weekend. You're leaving at 4:30 in the morning tomorrow morning, you're going to go whitewater rafting on, on Saturday. Like how are you gonna do this? Because it's so ingrained in our culture with drinking, I imagine this is not a sober getaway for the others. Am I right? <laugh>. Yeah. Totally right. Yeah. How did I guess? <laugh>. Yeah. So what's your plan this weekend? How are you gonna make it through sober? Well, you know, I think <laugh> I would, I would be, I'd be lying to you to tell you that I had a real concrete plan, and I know you're going to say that, you know, I'm planning, or failing to plan is planning to fail, so that probably is something I need to address. And, and um, I think there's gonna be, there's gonna be a lot of temptation at, at night, um, on, on Sa- Friday night and Saturday night for sure after the hard work is done. There's going to be a lot of, a lot of temptation to, to relax after, like, you know, you have a hard day's work, you deserve that to just kinda let yourself go a little bit. And, I mean as twisted as that is, that's the way the world kind of is. And in order to fight that, <laugh> I do feel kind of helpless, Paul, I really do. So. Corey, I've b- I've been there. I've been there, and I'm, I'm glad we're doing this right now, and we're going to lay, it's, a framework for listeners who are also in the situation. I guarantee it, people listening to this podcast episode, they're like, oh shit, I got a trip coming up in four days. I've got a bachelorette party. I've got a bachelor party. How is he going to do this? So here's what I would do. After we record this interview, I'd pull up your cell phone and I would send a text. I'd send one individually to how many, how many people are gonna go? Is it four? Three? Um, three or four close, like, closer friends, and then a total of eight. So. Okay. Okay. Well, if you, depending on your level of comfortability with this, and once you find your level of being comfortable, go past that by two more people, and I would just send them all individual texts. Say, Hey guys, looking forward to this weekend. Just a heads up. I'm not gonna be drinking. That's all that needs to be said. There doesn't need to be an explanation. You don't need to forward them the email that you sent me and most likely they're gonna be like, Dude, Corey, that's awesome. Let me know how we can help. We're gonna, we're gonna get some LaCroixs to stock the fridge… um, yeah. How do you feel about that? Um, yeah, I think it's i- I think it's a good plan. It's going to be… I think what I would get back with, from them is, you know, I, I'm gonna see what, how they respond to that. I think it's a good idea. I am a little uncomfortable doing that, I think, because like I said, who knows how that don't take me seriously or not, but I, I do think that's a good first step. Yeah. I thi- I think you should do it. I think you should. I, I'm not asking you to do anything that I haven't done myself, because really half the battle could be won before you even get in the car at 4:30 AM. They're gonna know, and you're gonna find out if they're your true friends, most likely they are, but you're also gonna find out, Hm. Maybe I'm in the wrong room. If these friends aren't supportive of me, this might be the last trip with those guys. Just my two cents on it. Yeah, I agree with that. Yeah. But I've been there before, Corey, these are difficult times, but sometimes you just gotta put your head down and keep moving <laugh> forward, and let's talk about that. What is your plan in sobriety moving forward? Get past this weekend, but let's, let's talk about after that. How do you plan on getting day six, two weeks, three weeks, a month? Well, to be honest, I, I've gotten some books, I'm going to be, you know, focusing on reading those and trying to, you know, get my knowledge going on that, and, and listening to some of these, these, podcasts to try to… I, I, I think the plan is to just <laugh> hoping it magically comes to me when I, when I, if I just keep pounding it, you know, but I think there, I remember there's one pack that I was listening to, to of yours of… I wrote it down. I have it <inaudible> here somewhere. You had a list. 10 ways not to drink in a social, uh, gathering. I wrote this all down. My… This is… I went back to like early days for you, Paul. <laugh>. <crosstalk>. And I listened. One he when he said don't go, he said don't go and I'm like, well, I gotta to go sometimes. You know what I mean? Like- Yeah. like I have a trip planned <laugh> before I go to Colombia, and I think Colombia is gonna be great, but I have a trip planned that I planned… I don't know why, I really planned this to be honest with you, Paul. But it's going to, to Oktoberfest in Germany. <laugh> And you know what that is. So… I am aware. <laugh>. that… Yeah. Yeah. So that one is probably not the best case. I'm almost doomed to fail there in a way. So I, so… <laugh> I'm not really sure, Paul. I guess I don't have a totally le- long plan. I, you know, I'm just trying to like continue to learn about and, uh, continue to get progress, you know, with like the week, and, and write down, I guess what, where I trip up and how I trip up, and, uh, try to learn from those situations, and, and go from there. Outside of that, like then I have that three month stint in, in Colombia, where I'm going to be in a different country. That can go either way, you know, that, I think it'll be fine where I can just, you know, sit down there without having to, to drink. And I, and I think I did a good streak going on down there, but at the same time, you know, you're talking about not having, not knowing a lot of people down there, um, it's gonna be pretty tempting, but at the same time I'm not going to have these outside forces that, that I have here that'll, that'll kind of pushed me in that direction. But I think there is like two parts to that battle. It's, it's the battle of the outside world, that kind of tempts you a little bit, that battle inside your own head that kind of tells you, Oh yeah, I've, I've, I've done this. I've, I've had a hard day at work. I, I'm totally okay to, to drink, you know, a little bit. So, or a lot. So. Corey, I gotta give you c- props because your, your plan in the future is probably like the least of the plan I've heard after <laugh> interviewing, you know, 190 people right now. However, the… But I'm not worried about that one bit, because you have the most important mindset, which is desire to quit drinking. The plan will fall into place. It will, it just will. If you want it enough and you keep at it, the plan is gonna fall into place. I'm not worried about that, and there's no secret formula, you know, you say, Hey what's your plan of sobriety moving forward? and people list 30 things that sound incredible, you listed going to Oktoberfest is part of your plan in Germany <laugh>- Yeah. It's <crosstalk>- Yeah. Like, I, I mean that's totally fine. Everybody's journey is different. In fact, that actually might be part of your journey. You might get out there and say, Oh my God, this is not for me. I can see alcohol for what it is. Or you might learn some valuable lessons while drinking in Oktoberfest and might have the vacation and you might make the least of Oktoberfest in Germany and say, Look, this is definitely not for me. But like I said, I gotta give you props. You have the most important requirement to be on this podcast, and that's a desire to stop drinking. It doesn't really matter if the plan's right or wrong. Everybody has a different plan. My plan went to shit several times in recovery, but the plan eventually all falls into place. So Corey, you're in the right spot, you're exactly where you need to be right now. Yeah, and I, and I do think it's all about having that mindset of, of progress like in the, in the best direction, and, and knowing that it is getting better, because when I look back and I think about where I was, Pat, like last year at this time, I was like stopping home af- hitting the store after work and getting a 30 pack of, of beer, and I would make a big dent in it in one day and be like, <laugh> like What? you know what I mean, like every day of the week. And now that I'm, I'm not even close to where I was then, I, I just know that the progress is getting in the right, right direction. And I know I've probably set myself up for, for some close calls or some, <laugh> some interesting situations with the O- you know, with going to Germany, I could've been going anywhere else in Europe and I probably would have had- <laugh>. 10,000 times better chance. But, um, I'll take that into account the next time I plan an international trip. So, I guess that's a, that's a, that's a learning lesson. And I think it's all about learning there. Yeah, it's, it's, it's kind of, <laugh> it's kind of embarrassing for sure, but I know you're giving me perhaps, but I do fe- I did feel like I, I might not be… I, I do think I'd, I have a good history enough to be credible in a way but not fully credible, if you know what I mean. So. Oh, you're doing great. Corey, you're doing great. And before we reached the rapid fire round, there's a couple of questions I want to ask. So when you have experienced a craving within these past five days or before, how'd you get past them? Well, really, the, the big one for me is, is having some sort of beverage that, that tastes good that doesn't have alcohol in it. And basically the, the big thing is, is Seltzer water for me. That's like huge. If I have a pack of that at home and I can like go home from work, and I go straight home from work, you know, from the office to home, I can go to the gym and, and work out, eat dinner, and then I can just like crush, uh, eight cans of sparkling water while I'm, while I'm playing guitar or something. And that'll get me into the night and then I just go to the bed from there. And I think that really works for me, that routine, and like even that, there's really no craving to go to the bar on the weekday when I'm, when I'm doing that, I'm engulfed in that, and I'm trying to learn like the latest Van Halen solo or something like, that I'm listening to, and I think that's really doing it for me. It's just like, hey, I, having, having all that time on the weekends and getting to Friday night where you're just like, what are you doing? You know, like what are you going to be doing Friday night? That's r- that's where it really gets me. So. But I think planning, planning stuff on, on the weekends that doesn't involve it i- is pretty key too. It's just unfortunate that, that some travel plans do involve it and you have to be prepared to deal with those situations. So. Yeah. Apart from Oktoberfest, what is, what's on your bucket list in sobriety? Well, the bucket list is to get really damn good at guitar and to like record an album for sure. That's, that's on my bucket list and I definitely get derailed and I spend… because as a musician and, and you're working a full time job, you know, uh, in a different career path, you're, you don't have a lot of time, and so you're talking about wasting all your free time, you know, getting drunk at the bar, spending $100 dollars that you could be spending on musical equipment. Like that's, that's a big deal. When you have goals like that that aren't being met and you're just kind of floating through life, you know, work and then get drunk on weekends, and you're, you have these unmet goals. It just, it gets depressing after a while. So, so I think that's a big thing for me for a bucket list. Another bucket list of mine is to just make the most out of this job experience at Colombia for sure, meet fantastic people down there and come away with something fantastic for my work resume as well. And that starts with, with being sober and going into work every day with a clear head and a full night's sleep because that, that means a, a ton of productivity. So, those are two big ones, and then <laugh> I have the other big one, Paul, I can talk about this, is one of the main reasons why I wanted to quit for sure was when, when I eventually want a family, you know what I mean? Like, like I got to tell myself I can quit all this bullshit before I have a family, not during or after, you know, I got to prove it before that I'm gonna be- Sure. worth it or, or, or a good enough person to be a father. So I think that's a big one on my bucket list. So. I love it, Corey. And we have reached the rapid fire round. If you could answer these questions in 30 to 60 seconds, that would be great. Are you ready? Yes, I am. Number one. What was your worst memory from drinking? Oh, um, definitely that incident I'd said about, uh, the Halloween incident where I got back and I was just drinking. I, I we- came from a party in it to be alone, to drink alone and I was just like, What am I doing right now? You know what I mean? This can't be where I need to be on a Saturday or Friday night. This, this can't be it. So that was my worst memory. We've all heard of the Aha moment. What was your Oh, shit moment indicating you should probably quit drinking? <laugh>. Well, it was probably when, you know, when the denial ended and I was kind of having a depressive cycle and, um, and, and I mentioned this before when I was drinking to go to sleep and when I was quitting tobacco, it's because I couldn't fall asleep without it. And I was like, There is some serious damage I'm doing to the organs in my body, and if I don't stop this, it's gonna take me. And I'm really worried about my life or my, m- my health. So that was my Oh, shit moment was, you know, I can't control my drinking and it's really gonna cost, cost me in the long term of my health. And Corey, what's your favorite resource and recovery? Well, it, you know, it, it might have to be this podcast because initially when I, when I wanted to hear more and, and learn more, I, I went to the podcasts and I and I, it took me a while to find this one, but I f- I feel like this format worked the best out of all of them, and, and just getting the… But that's the, this podcast in general has been huge for me, just to get somebody else to, to at- you know teach me about this. And so I think that's been my, my favorite resource, because it, it's something I can listen to on the road when I'm traveling. Yeah. Thanks for listening, Corey. Much appreciated. And in regards to sobriety what's the best advice you've ever received? Best advice I've ever received is that… this is, this is a tough one. I want to say that it's… it sound cliche, but it's definitely just to take it one day at a time, because like I, like you said, uh, um, I got Oktoberfest coming up, but if I s- if I do it today and I do it tomorrow, when I get three or four weeks under my belt or two weeks under my belt before I go to O- Germany, am I gonna want to ruin those two weeks by, by wasting it in Germany? So, I think that's the best advice. And what parting piece of advice can you give to listeners? I think just to get out of that trap of like being in college and having that college party a- attitude and, and, and just like knowing the best not, like, that shouldn't be the way to go. That shouldn't be the way to happiness or to have that party mentality because it's just going to catch up to you eventually. And I, and I think everybody's kind of got to go through it just to, just to get out that mindset that, that that's, that that's acceptable socially, because it'll… you know, it, it'll progress and it will get worse and worse. So. And before we depart, Corey, give listeners your own customized You might be an alcoholic if… line. Um, you might be <laugh> an, an alcoholic if you always, whenever you go grocery shopping, you, uh, pick up a 30 rack of beer, and it's multiple times in a week. So. Gotcha. Thank you so much for joining us, Corey. Much appreciated. Yeah, thanks Paul. Another cool law that the upper house in Ireland also voted to introduce was a 9:00 PM watershed before which alcohol advertising cannot be broadcast. The whole idea of Cafe RE came to light at about 1:55 AM. I think it was late July, early August 2014. I was searching on Facebook for recovery groups. Little did I know at that time, like Cafe RE, it's confidential, you can't just simply search it, find it and join it. Most of them are set up that way. So I didn't find a group, but what I did find at 1:55 AM was a sponsored Bud Light Lime ad. I got dressed as fast as I could, because I knew I had five minutes to make it to the gas station before they stopped selling alcohol at 2:00 AM. I think this watershed rule that you can't advertise alcohol past a certain timeframe is a fantastic idea. Again, I'll let you know if I hear more about this. I got a great You might be an alcoholic if… line from a gentleman named Giovanni. Here it goes: You might be an alcoholic if you buy the hangover cure pills at the gas station instead of fixing the real problem. I did a couple of quick Google searches, just typed in gas station hangover pills, and oh my gosh, there's an entire industry, probably a multimillion, maybe even a billion dollar industry built around avoiding the real problem, alcohol. Wow. This shit is powerful. Recovery Elevator. We took the elevator down. We got to take the stairs back up. We can do this. 