Hey guys, today's episode is being brought to you by Talkspace, the online therapy company that lets you message a licensed therapist from anywhere at anytime. The Talkspace platform has over 2000 licensed therapists who are experienced in addressing life challenges that we all face. So, to match with your perfect therapist for a fraction of the price of traditional therapy, go to talkspace.com/read, and use the code read to get $45 dollars off your first month and show support for the podcast. Now, let's move on. Hey, y'all. Are you looking for a steamy new podcast that is not exactly safe for work? Let me introduce you to Purple Panties. It is the new, erotic fiction podcast created by New York Times bestselling erotica author and everybody's favorite orchestrator of hoe shit, Zane. It is based on the anthology of the same name. On the outside, Maddox, Lauren and Stephanie go against the grain when it comes to sex, but as relationships shift and physical needs change, can they keep up with the facade? Mm, we'll see. Follow them on their journey as they navigate their professional and personal lives. You can listen to Purple Panties now on Stitcher Premium. For a free month of Stitcher Premium, go to purplepantiespodcast.com and use promo code read. That's purplepantiespodcast.com. Might wanna turn on your incognito browser for that one. Promo code read, for a free month of Stitcher Premium. Now, let's start the show. Oh, happy day! Oh, happy day! Oh happy day! Oh happy day! When Jesus walks. When Jesus walks. When Jesus walks. When Jesus walks. When Jesus walks. When Jesus walks. So, I only have one quote this week. Oh, great. <laugh> I feel like you should be able to get it, just based off this one line. Are you ready? Okay. Somebody stop me. That's The mask. <laugh> <laugh> Okay, you did get it. I mean, that was incredibly- You're gonna go with two other quotes from The Mask that were harder than that. <sigh> No actually. <laugh> You just said, okay. Me and my brother used to say that to each other all the time after that movie came… Like anytime we did anything, we'd be like, somebody stop me. The Mask always made me very uncomfortable. Actually, to this day I think it still gives me the creeps. I mean, yeah. Well, I went… So, I went back and watched it a few days ago, that's why it was on my mind. Oh. And I realized the sexual innuendos in this movie, uh, there's a lot. <laugh> Like, there's a lot that- that went over my head. Yeah. The adult shit in general, the- the yeah… The grown Nigga content definitely went over my head. I know the parody… It parodied a lot of like old cartoons- mm-hmm <affirmative>. And- and stuff like that, and innuendo in those cartoons and shit. <laugh> Yes. <laugh> It was just… Yeah. I always thought The Mask was- was weird. <laugh> But I loved that movie. I like Jim Carey, honestly. Most of the stuff he's done I'm a fan of, so- Yeah, he's very talented. I also heard he's really problematic, but I- Oh, no. Haven't done too much research. Well, there was that thing about his ex-girlfriend when she died. I think it was that. Like maybe he influenced her to commit suicide or something. I think it was something along those lines. Yeah that's <inaudible>- Yeah. That's not- But you know what? Don't quote me. 'Cause I didn't really read the facts. Right. Okay. Well, anyway, congratulations to you. Thanks! You're welcome. Well, guys, welcome back to another episode of The Read. I am Behold Chablis. I'm Stacy Adams. I'm sorry, who? This is three, yay! You're whom? Behold Chablis? Is that a type of wine? Sure! It's actually Billy Porter's character on the new season of American Horror Story. Oh! Apocalypse. Oh, you know how I am about- First of all- You know how I am about, um <laugh> American Horror Story. That is just- Two things. A, this last episode <sigh>… Okay, now I need an adult to come watch it with me. Was so great, because we got… I mean, I won't spoil anything, but really great. Okay. In terms of people who are a fan of the franchise. I'm gonna have to go back and look at it. Lots of callbacks, great moments. But then like the second half of it… And I was watching this like late, late, late at night in the room by myself. And I said a very, uh, impassioned prayer afterwards. <laugh> This season is not anywhere near saved. Oh. This season is like- Nope, nope. Everything that you… It's like if your parents were like the type that didn't let you read Harry Potter or go see the movie- Just at me. Or you know, you went to Hallelujah-ween. <laugh> Like this is- Every year. Every single thing that they hate about that type of fiction. <laugh> Completely. Yes. Like I was like <laugh>- <laugh> Jesus, like come into the room. I was rebuking lines. No. Okay, no. From the show. I was like all night in my house, Jesus is Christ the King. mm-hmm <negative>. But, on another note- Okay. Shout the fuck out to Billy Porter. Like I've always wanted to be- Yes. Uh, a black witch on anything. Or not even just a witch, I've always just wanted to be in a show or film where I could just flick my wrist and make Niggas fly across the fucking room. Oh, I'd love it. So, just- Yeah. Seeing one of us. I'm definitely gonna need somebody to come watch it with me, because I can't look at it by myself. It is not of God. Yeah. It is just- No, thank you. <laugh> Any- Like, wow. I just realized I said Stacy Adams instead of Stacey Abrams. You did. I mean, one Nigga thing. I did. And we said it at first, I was like wait? Um, okay. <laugh> <laugh> I didn't even process why it was wrong. You threw me off with your Chablis shit. I just was like, oh, okay. <laugh> My bad, anyway go vote Niggas. Um, so this week in Black Excellence. So, anybody who pays any attention to me and my foolishness, knows that I know very- very much nothing about sports. Um, I was introduced to Marshawn Lynch through, um, a good chicken wing in the sock. Wow. Um, story. Damn. That's how I knew who he was. <laugh> Okay, which is fine. I mean, I say myself in him. mm-hmm <affirmative>. And I've been connected ever since. Yes. Um, one of my favorite episodes of Conan O'Brien's Clueless Gamer, which is just a segment that he does where he plays games because he knows nothing about them. Oh. Oh, that's fun. But one of his like… I don't know if that guy is like a PA… One of the guys who works on the set who's like a huge video game fan. So, he like riffs on him and makes fun of how video games are ridiculous and shit. And he'll have like guests. So, one time he played Mortal Kombat, that actually the one we did, the green experiment, that Mortal Kombat game that we played? mm-hmm <affirmative>. It was that same one. Marshawn Lynch, another football player he was Caucasian, I don't know who he was. <laugh> And Conan O'Brien. Now, I have to look it up. If you actually… Y'all go and find this video and watch it. It's just… Marshawn Lynch is entertaining. Anyways- He is. He's very funny to, uh… Who is… Oh! Is that Ron? That's Gronk! <laugh> Oh, there you go. Rob Gronkowski. Sure. Well, how do you not know who that is? Because I don't care. Okay, no you right. Um, so Marshawn Lynch is, uh, a- an athlete and entertainer, and also philanthropist. mm-hmm <affirmative>. I had no idea that he does so much giving back, um, and has been for such a long time. One of his latest efforts that I just read about today. Did you know that he has his own cellphone service on Sprint's network? What? Called Beast Mobile. <laugh> Oh my god. And through this cellphone service- Holy God. He is providing 3000 free smartphones to homeless people in Oakland and Seattle areas, with three months of free service. Right? So, he's got a foundation called Lynch's Fam 1st Family Foundation, which is, uh, meant to empower children in the Bay Area. I believe he's from Oakland. Right. Um, so through this they've got this program, Phones for the Homeless. Oh, wow. And so, I read like… Um, it says here Leigh Hunt, a mobile industry veteran, said we're giving people the opportunity to get free cellphone service every month, by engaging in targeted advertising from their device. Oh. If someone doesn't care to engage in advertising that month, they can pay $24, which still undercuts most prepaid plans, and is significantly lower than big carrier post-paid plans. The idea is to reward subscribers for doing things they're already doing on their phone. Like downloading apps, shopping online, watching videos, etc. So, that to me, means that- that they have ads that pop up through all of these things or whatever, and you deal with the ads and you don't pay for the service. Right. If you don't want to, you find a way to come up with $24 so you don't got to. So, either way, you got a phone- Right. That has service. I mean, honestly for free, I might just play your little bullshit games and watch your little funky ass ads. <laugh> Cool. Like- Right. Alright. You know what I'm saying, like? Right, right. I'm not mad. So, I just thought that was really cool. Well, yeah. Look at, you know, I really love to see rich and famous athletes and people who don't normally work in like philanthropy do stuff like this. Although like you said, he is no stranger to like being generous and that sort of thing. I just didn't even know you could do something like this. Me the fuck neither! <laugh> Like- I'm looking at the website like wait? It's <laugh> I think you have to have an android. I don't think you can do it on iPhone. Well, probably not. But nigga, it's free. But these plans start at $4 a month, now that's for zero data, but if you're not trying to get on Twitter and Facebook and Instagram and you just wanna talk and text, $4 a month! You can't beat that with a stick! Okay. Shout out to you Marshawn Lynch. Plus they had an event, a grand opening, with free barbecue. <laugh> Of course. That's just like a real Nigga. I just… Everything about this, I'm a fan of. Oh, wait, no. You can have an iPhone with this. Boy, alright. Can I… Oh, no it only works on the west coast. I was about to say, can I switch? But, no. <laugh> <laugh> Just kidding. Anyway, shout out to Marshawn Lynch. I thought that was a really cool story. Yeah. Also, shout out to Because of Them We Can, love your website. Go check them out if you want to keep up with, um, black people doing dope things week long, or week-round. Yeah, this is beautiful. Um, alright. So, into the mess this week, in a segment that is called hot tops and the terrible, horrible no good, very bad bottom. <laugh> Okay. Up first, again- <laugh> In the vein of sports, know nothing about them. I can't wait to- Little to nothing. I can't wait to hear this- this word. What I do know a lot about is nigga fighting. And so, what I would like to touch on is um- Oh, Lord. <laugh> Ra- Ray-Rajon? Ra- Yup. Ray-Rajon? I actually just wanna hear you sound it out. Ra- Rajon. Rajon. <laugh> Rajon. I actually think it is Rajon. Rajon. Or is it Rajon? I might… That <crosstalk>- Oh, Rajon! It's Rajon. That's the black in me. It's either Rajon or Rajon. Bitch, you know it's Rajon. It's Rajon. <laugh> It's Rajon. And by, you know, probably I don't know, sophomore year he was telling people, it's Rajon. <laugh> Actually, I'm- I'm mad that I don't already know that. Yeah, I feel like you should. How do you say his name? He plays for the- the Lakers. Well, I'm not a fan of the Lakers. Oh, okay. And I barely watch basketball. It's too many fucking games. I only know the Lakers for now having Lebron. How- how is your night life looking out there, Los Angeles, these days? I'm coming out there on Sunday. Oh, well you're gonna have a great little time. Well, Saturday technically. So- You're gonna have a good time. What's it looking like out there, the night life now that Lebron is- is your sports king? Rajon. Is it Rajon? Really, I would be more excited that Zhuri James is living in my city. Hold on, this is my mama. She gon' have a fit if I don't answer the phone. Hey, mama. Oh, this is so great. I'm in the studio. Let me call you back. <laugh> Hey mommy, you is on The Read and we can hear you! <laugh> Okay, yeah, you technically on the show right now. So, let me just call you back later. Yes! Okay, momma. <laugh> She was like call me back for what? We can talk right now. Right, bitch I don't give a fuck about what you're talking about. Girl no, I'm busy girl. <laugh> Okay. Oh, your little show. <laugh> Girl <inaudible> what is that? <laugh> That's how they are. They don't care. I told her I had 90,000 followers on Instagram, she was like for what? Right. <laugh> I don't know actually. My parents get a kick out of Link's followers. Uh, well Link's Instagram is honestly a thing of beauty. They ask me all the time, how many does the dog have now? <laugh> They just think it's so funny. Like how many now? Yeah. Anyway, so- Any- Yes. Rajon or Rajon, whatever his name is, Rondo, um, and the Houston Rockettes, uh, Chris Paul, that is a name I'm familiar with. Excuse me. Okay. Yes. You do know Chris Paul. I do know that name. mm-hmm <affirmative>. Couldn't have told you who he played for, but Houston is the place. Um, they got into quite a bit of a scuffle on the basketball court. They did. Were they in LA? Yeah. Okay. So, I don't know what was happening prior to this because I wasn't watching this <laugh>. But- <laugh> I actually think this was the night of our show, wasn't it? I think so. So, maybe that's why I missed it. 'Cause I had to watch the replays later, I didn't see it. I saw <inaudible>. Oh, okay. Yeah, so that must've been it. So, it must've happened during- yeah. It happened during the show. Damn. Anyhow, so I just see this clip with them, you know, in each other's faces and things, and I'm no stranger to you know the athletes getting in one another's mugs and- <laugh> And you know fuming, and- Yeah. Spewing hyper-masculinity at each other through their eye daggers- <laugh> But usually people keep their hands to themselves. 'Cause I'm assuming that you can't just, um, beat someone's ass and continue to play basketball. Yeah. Unless it's Malice in the Palace. <laugh> Remember that? No. <laugh> Oh, man. <laugh> I don't know what you're talking about. The fist is in the, um- I remember fade in the shade. The Pistons and the Pacers. <laugh> No, this- You know what? <laugh> It don't even matter. Let's just keep going. Okay. Let's just keep going. So, um, mr Paul alleges that Rajon spit in his face at one point during their disagreement, and um at that point, he decided to… Chris- take his index finger and aggressively push it. <laugh> I would say betwixt like the eye and the nasal bridge. Yup. Yeah. In that area. Like- Just like a mush of the nasal cavity. I think that's also a pressure point. So, you know, that's just not where you want a foreign object. No. Especially someone's finger. Why are we- why are we mushing our own noses? I don't know, I think I was testing it. <laugh> Um, so you know, at that point, all bets are off. If you're a grown ass adult and somebody does that to you, I feel like at that point, it means we fight. So, <laugh>- Absolutely. <laugh> There was just no denying, at that point you know, uh, Rajon, he did what he had to do. <laugh> Clocked Chris dead in his motherfucking face. Now, I saw several slow-motion- <laugh> Um, clips from this. Right. I do think that Chris caught an uppercut at one point, as Lebron and the rest of the gang just, uh, tried to separate them. Some other nigga hopped in and was like not- not my dog. I don't know who like- <laugh> I don't know who that is either. Some- One of the other niggas also got ejected I think for jumping in. I don't remember… I don't know names. No. I know Lebron was there. I know Chris Paul was there, because y'all telling me, and I know Rajon. Rajon. Yes. Um- And I guess that's really all you need to know. Is that? Is this- Who's- Oh, I know this nigga with the beard. I know this- this person. Hold on. His name is- Don't do that. You do know who that is. The beard. Um… It's… No. You do know his name. <laugh> If you tell me his name, I'll re- recognize it. He used to play for Oakland City. That means nothing to me. <laugh> <laugh> Like I don't… If you say his name, I'll- I'll know it. He used to date a Kardashian. He did? Yeah. Shout out to that nigga for making it out alive. Khloe actually. He's still in the game? Really? Yeah. His name is James- Harding! All right now! Look at me I know things about sports. Slowly but surely. I only watch- Well, so I didn't watch the whole clip. <crosstalk>. <laugh> Oh. <laugh> I didn't watch the whole clip like over and over, but I did watch the closeup to see if, uh, Rajon did spit on Chris Paul, and I feel like there was- Yeah, we watched it together. Oh, okay, yeah. So, I do feel like there was some spit coming out of his mouth, but I don't know that he did it on purpose. Yeah, it didn't look like, you know, I'm spitting in your face. Right, it wasn't like when Pumpkin spit in New York at New York. <laugh> That was a loogie. Right. <laugh> That was- And she was about to die for it. And it would have been- <laugh> Deserved. Everybody wanted for Pumpkin to get her ass whooped. Oh, my god. If Tiffany had got her hands on that white girl. <laugh> You remember that reunion where Tiffany- Oh, yes! Threw that whole ass furniture. Three, two, one. <laugh> She picked up that whole prop and tossed it- <laugh> La-La was like, just get me out of here. Right. <laugh> Get me out of here. Oh, that is when La-La was hosting all the wretched reunions. mm-hmm <affirmative>. And they brought her back for the next one, and then they all got buck wild. Right. She kept getting out the way. Said shoot. La-La was like you know what? I'm done. I'm not doing- Paid too much. Fuck shit. I'm not doing it. With y'all bitches no more. Whew! Man. This is one of the Ball children. Ball children? One of the Ball- Is that not one of the Ball child- Isn't that Steph Curry? Oh, no Steph Curry don't play for this team. Who am I looking at? This light-skinned person. That's not a- that's not one of the Balls? Oh Ball. You meant <laugh> like- Whatever. <laugh> I thought you meant like a Ball boy. I'm like <inaudible> damn. No, he doesn't… That's not one of his kids? Uh, does LaVar Ball have a child who plays for the Lakers? I thought that one of- Lonzo. Oh, is that him? Only one of h- Don't only one of his kids play professional basketball? That's not Lonzo. Lonzo not that dark. I'm not point- I'm talking about this nigga all the way in the back. Okay, now well that might be him. Yes. I'm not talking about this nigga. Okay, yeah, no. Yeah. This is the one who jumped in. I have no idea who she is. To save the day. Let me see if I find her name. No, to stand up for some motherfucking body. Let's see who she put her hands on. I'm gonna just play it as a- Oh, wait, oops! The referee almost got hands put on her. Oh, this was a steamy battle! <laugh> No, it was not. Yes, it was! The same nigga in question literally did the pimp, like when the pimp comes back with the backhand. <laugh> Did that to the ref! Let me just look at this. <laugh> I'm looking at Bounce's Instagram. Oh. Bounce? This is Lakers number, I'm gonna answer this question before we move on today. Okay. 'Cause now I just wanna know. Lakers- What is it? Ball child! Move! You're in the way! Didn't I say? What is his number? Oh. Number 14 of the Lakers, who is that? Uh- Who that is? I don't- Bran- Brandon Ingram? Yup. There she go. Is it? Let me see. Let's see if her name's in the story. Yup. Br- Oh, that is him! Look! Yup. That's his ass. The one with the- with the Travis Scott hair. Oh, okay. Oh, wait is this a Ball child in there? Oh, what is that <inaudible>? Look I don't know these young niggas. I'm gonna be real. I need to stop talking about the fight, and now I'm trying to answer, uh, basketball trivia. Anyway, it was a very great fight. <inaudible> play for the 76 'ers. <sigh> Either way, I had a great time watching it. This, um, alleged spit looked more like a very like… I'm assuming you sweat. Of course. I don't know what portion of the game this was. Um, but just the back and forth running, the lights, perspiration happens. Right. This could have been like a very pronounced P, or like a, you know- <laugh> Maybe a B. Right. Maybe he was like boy, if you don't- You know, I don't know. It could've been anything or just some of that- Yeah. Upper lip perspiration could just dive into your f- You know what I'm saying? Right. Maybe this was a misunderstanding. And no, it definitely was, because I- I do feel like you know, some- some moisture came out of Rajon's mouth. I saw a little something. I saw a little something. Like a tiny little something. A tiny smidge. And I feel like Chris Paul felt that and instantly got pissed, because who wouldn't? If you felt like somebody spit in your face. I mean anybody. So that's when he did the finger thing. And then Rajon was like, I know this nigga <laugh> did not just put his fucking fingers in my face. What? <laugh> So, then he clocked that nigga. And that's how it… You know, this all blew up. <laugh> <laugh> As soon as that finger touched him- I said, oh no. <laugh> In his mind, all the lights in that motherfucking arena went out like a Beyonce concert. <laugh> Yes. He didn't see nobody but his opponent. We not playing no games. Oh, I play basketball? I forgot. I don't do that. I just saw that I have to beat somebody's ass. That's all I processed. Right. Oh, man. Well, uh, god bless everyone involved. I heard that the- the- their- their ladies got into too. What? Yes, bitch. I heard that um, uh, what, um… This is what I get for not following the <inaudible>. Which one of them is married? Right. One of them approached the wife. Oh, no. God, bitch I need you to pay attention. Well, Chris Paul is married. Okay. So, Rajon, his um, his… The lady in his life- <laugh> Went up to Chris Paul's wife, and they got into an argumentative- Oh my god. Moment in the crowd. That's what Sports Illustrated said. Bitch it was a- a battle. Oh, my god. So, Rajon's girlfriend was sitting behind Jada Paul. And Lebron's wife… And Rajon's girlfriend shoved Jada before security came. <laugh> That's a real one. Marry that bitch. Let me tell you something. <laugh> Don't you ever bitch. I can whoop his ass. <laugh> So I got it with you. I can't. What's her name? Ashley Bachelor? It's like CW's The Game. I wonder is this really- It's like Hit the Floor. Okay. Well, anyway, now you see? Look at this rabbit hole you got me down. Yeah, this became mostly trivia. Incredible. <crosstalk> Incre- I know Savannah was like, I know you bitches better back the fuck up. Let me tell you something <laugh>- <laugh> I have a lavish- I don't have time for none of this. I have a lavish luau themed party to throw my baby. Was it a luau theme? What was her party? Oh. I saw Lebron had posted like some… He was in his feelings, because he had to miss his baby's birthday party. Oh. Meanwhile, Zhuri was like, um, I get it. See you later! Like this is how I'm rich. Like- <laugh> <laugh> It's cool. We gon' just play Frozen again when I get home. I mean, when you get back. <laugh> Don't worry. It's all good daddy, honestly. We're gonna have a good time regardless, Zhuri. It just means that my gift from you has to be- Even better. Thrice as big. <laugh> How dare you not be here. <laugh> Right. <laugh> But- I'm just waiting on my diamonds. I- like I stand. No, then she's so precious. She is so fucking cute. Oh, that's why I watch that damn reboot of the TI Tiny show- Oh, she's a little superhero. So I can see, um- She's a little superhero. She got a little mask on. So I could see, uh, Monica's baby. Oh, yeah. Can you pull up- I almost wanna watch that too, just so I can see Monica and her fabulous family. She got such a cute, smart mouth. Can't we just be… Can't we just have Monica? <laugh> That's why I watched it. I had to mute TI getting on TV line and sounding stupid. Oh. Aw, look at this baby. I just love her. <laugh> And she look so proud of herself, like yes. Yup. It's me girls. It's me, yup. My birthday. I'm a superhero. I know you can't tell because I have a mask on. <laugh> Yeah, it- it's me. It's Zhuri. But it's- I'm- It's me. It's me. Yes. <laugh> Oh, I love her. I just love this kid. And this honestly looks like the pre- like this is just the party for the immediate family. Yes. Oh, absolutely. This isn't even her birthday bash. Right. <laugh> This is given just tonight. This is given just this evening. <laugh> Yes. Like girl. Uh, so this is her bir- This is her like it's your actual birthday party. And then on the weekend she gon' have the real turn up. <laugh> I would love to be rich and have a lit- a little girl. I don't even want kids- Yeah. But just spoil a little baby. Because her face. Oh. She just knows she's everything. Man, I love it. I love how this went from, uh, black on black crime. <laugh> Okay. To a warm place. <laugh> <laugh> Warm place. We don't really care about them grown ass fights. Oh, abso- not in my life. We don't care. I- I was thoroughly entertained. It was just interesting. Right. It was a great clip. <laugh> It was a lot of fun to look at. I just couldn't believe that nigga really swung like that on the court. <laugh> Oh. Oh, well. Um- Everybody involved is still rich. So- Um, okay, so this isn't so great. I'm just gonna say it to get it out of the way. Um, I read today that um, what's his face and Emily B. are married. Um, Fabolous. Oh. And I mean news that surprises absolutely nobody, that they got married very recently in like some private ceremony or whatever. Uh, Fabolous is also on trial for- Right. Beating her ass. Right. <sigh> So, all I'll say about this situation is, um, god bless it. God keep it, and God carry it on. And Emily, you better not have signed anything. Anything. <laugh> What you mean? 'Cause she definitely signed that license. I mean prenup. Oh, god. Oh. Sis. Truly with all my heart and soul, I hope you didn't. I just- I truly hope you did not. And I hope you and your kids stay safe. Like, I said everything I need to say about that situation. Period. Yeah, I'm done with it. And we have- and we said, you know, I'm afraid they did get married so that she can't be forced to testify against him. But- Here we are. Right. And now this is just abuser's be moving in the same patterns, y'all. They really do. Seasons have gone by in Love and Hip-Hop, where we saw you- Anyways- Right. And now you want- Okay. Um- God bless that. Queen Latifah. <clap> <clap> <laugh> Yay! So, Queen Latifah has had a rumored longtime partner, dancer choreographer, gorgeous black woman. <laugh> Like- <laugh> I didn't know she and Jeanette Jenkins broke up. Oh! That's the name I recognize. Right. I don't know Ebony Nicholas. But I mean, this article that I just found said it's from 2014. So, I'm just ultra-late. Hm. This girl. Well, anyways- Right. So, um, she, Miss Ebony has been photographed pregnant, um, leading people to believe Queen Latifah who is incredibly and admirably private about her personal life, which work queen. Right. Yes, Khadijah. Um, leading us to believe that she and Miss Ebony are expecting a baby together. So, if this is true, congratulations Queen. Yay! It's so awesome that someone will be able to say that their mom is Khadijah from Living Single. Okay. I mean, how awesome. Or, they you know, they daddy 'Tif. I don't what she- <laugh> I don't know what kinda pet name she'll have, you know. Maybe mama, who knows. There's all kinds of fun things you could call same sex parents. Daddy 'Tif. Daddy 'Tif. Daddy 'Tif said I can't go! I don't know. I'm just so happy for them. I love seeing positive- <laugh> positive lesbian news. <laugh> Are you good? Not even Daddy Dana, or like <laugh> like Daddy and 'Tif. <laugh> I can't. This is beautiful. I love it. Congratulations. I love black love. Me too. And I'm glad that at the very least, <laugh> we can have, you know, the black queer women. Yes. Getting together and- and being the examples. Right. 'Cause we've got this, we've got Lena. Yeah, yes. You know. We got- we got two now. Hold up. Hello. Black gay love bitch. Can't tell us nothing, huh? We on the cover- I don't know what we doing. I don't know because all the gay black dudes like white boys. No shame. I mean, white boys be cute sometimes. But, it's just <laugh> there's nobody else. I mean, that's fair. You know, I mean, love- love is love. Yeah, love is love. You know. You right. I would just like a little- It's just nice- black love is nice. Yeah, I just crave a little celebrity stable- It's just nice to see. Yeah. Black on black niggas. I don't blame you. I love seeing Lena Waithe and her girlfriend together. It just makes me feel warm where other people say their hearts are. Oh, like bae got uh, uh, spa day before Writer's room, or whatever. Like what? Or- or she just post a picture of her like my incredibly amazingly talented fiance out here changing the world. You hoe's can't touch her. I'm just like ah. See, why can't I- And that is like real. Right. It's like, people really experience that emotion with- Wait. We can have it. Each other? What? Oh. This is your safe place. Oh, okay. Are you sure? <laugh> But yeah, this is beautiful and I'm very happy for them. This is some good news in the- Maybe um- The shit stain of the week. Monise needs to date a black lesbian. I- I don't have any opinions on Monise needs to do. Me either. It's Asante's fault that I watched even part of that damn Love and Hip-Hop the other night. This season's weird. And you know what? I really could not get through all of it. It's weird. I could not- It's very strange. When they… Mona had three people I've never seen before arguing with each other in a house, and one girl told the other girl not to argue with her king or something. I don't know. Oh, that girl whose face is shaped like a- a kid's meal box? Okay. <laugh> You remember the McDonald's kid's meal? Yes nigga! <laugh> It's shaped like a- The Happy Meal cardboard house. Yeah. <laugh> <laugh> She be like big mac box. That little cabin. <laugh> Yeah. You ain't shit. Um, yeah. Anyway yeah, that show's terrible. It's awful. <laugh> It's so bad. Um, so yeah, congratulations if, uh, any of this is true. I'm sure you want us to mind our business, but we love you. Yeah. And honestly, other celebrities could take a page from Queen Latifah and like minding your business and living your life without- Queen Latifah's like I gave you Set it Off. I did what I had to do. What the fuck more do you want from me? Right, leave me alone. Like, I'm gonna mind my business, and you can do the same. Like what I do as Queen Latifah is entertain. I'm out here. I gave you Girl's Trip, I was in Bessie bitch. Living Single's in syndication motherfucker. What the fuck else do you hoe's want from me? I entertain. I don't have to tell you bitches nothing. And still is out at the Pride events, still an ally- And this ain't even touching the albums. This ain't even getting into the music. This isn't even in the- She's done enough. You've given us more than enough, Queen. Thank you so much. Um, so, Cardi B. Um, still out here making her music, raising her kid. mm-hmm <affirmative>. You know, being from the Bronx. <laugh> <laugh> So, she just released a song called Money. Well, not really released, leaked. But, I think the song was supposed to come out today, since it's technically Thursday. Okay. Um, and it leaked maybe the day before yesterday. I don't know. Sometime earlier than it was supposed to. Cardi got on Instagram and says, you know, when you send music into the streaming platforms and places sometimes people at those platforms can leak it, it happens all the time. Right. Nobody's a stranger to this. Then she says, you know, the Barbs they always post to me, they're always posting everything I do. They claim they hate me but they really love me. Insinuating that the Barbs took hold of this and made sure to spread it around and leak the early thing. And I don't know why you would do- How would that- It doesn't hurt her. No. Nope. It doesn't hurt. It's not- <laugh> So, the song came out what two days early? Like what? Right. It doesn't'- and- and even still, like leaking don't mean nothing because that just means her team will push right on through on streaming. So- I didn't even know it leaked. I just- just thought that she decided to release it early. Right. I just thought she put it out early, like people don't even have to go through a bunch of different channels to find leaked music no more, like it's just- You just gave her fans a treat. <laugh> Thank you, sir. I hope the carbs turned around and thanked you for your generosity <laugh>- Carbs <laugh> I'm never stop saying that. The carbs is great. It just works. <laugh> It rhymes with barbs. It's just great. I love it. I don't know if they are actually… Like I feel like they genuinely do dislike her, but I also feel like- Who, the Barbs? Yeah. I do feel like they… they genuinely do dislike Cardi. However, they don't show it in a way that backs up the way they really feel. All those 12 year olds are different, you know? Some of them go out there standing in different way, and that's like every stand and group. You know, some of them are really evil and if their parents are guardians and knew half of what they were doing in the name of whoever they stand for- They would be stunned. <laugh> They would be destroyed on the spot. You know what I'm saying? <laugh> Yes. And then some of them are really just more focused on standing for who they stand for. Um, even as very young people, so… I mean, it is what it is. Stand dumb, or standing is like a phenomenon that I don't even… I can't wait to read a really well done book about it. But, um… mm-hmm <affirmative> Yeah, this is… Here's my thing… I feel like at this point, with these two and with anybody else who is not having a great time with another rap artist… I just… I need a term for it- Okay. like… I don't know. If you ain't dissin', get missin'… Like it just… Put it on a song. So you- Just make a dis record- Fun little slogan- Or leave me alone. <laugh> I don't care about any of this Instagram laugh shit. Right. And y'all are constantly like- Right. making subliminal disses back and forth, and we know that it's referenced to the other one or whatever, and that's fun and it's spicy- mm-hmm <affirmative>… but always leads to somebody hollering on Apple Music, or like- <laugh>… Instagram Live foolishness, and like at the end of the day, that fizzles out in a couple of days and we move the fuck on… like that's stup… I'm over it. Yeah. Just make art out of it, or just leave me the fuck alone. They're already saying, because they… there was a video that came out of Cardi B in the studio with Meek, uh, like recording some new song- Oh good. Oh good. I don't know if it's a Meek record featuring Cardi, or Cardi record… 'Cause I don't even know what this money thing is. Like, is she releasing a new album or re-releasing Invasion of Privacy? Maybe? It may be another album. I feel like people- That shit just came out! Right. It did just come out, but I… you know, I feel like 2018, people are just kinda churning music out, and putting it out there, and Cardi has said she don't give a fuck about musicianship. She is here to make some fucking money. And so… I love that. <laugh> You know the reason I love that? I appreciate the honesty. I really do. You know the reason I love that because she's standing up as who I see her as, as a musician anyway. You know, she is like most popular rappers today who don't look at rap as an art form or creative space. They look at it as a way to make money, so that's why all these fucking songs sound the same. That's why most of these <inaudible> can't rap at all, and the get away with them usually if they're men because… they get away with everything. Right. But- <laugh> Sex. You know what I'm saying? Like, at least she's like Bitch, all of these criticisms that you givin' me about not writing this, or looking like that… Bitch, I don't… I don't care. <crosstalk> My songs sound good- Yes. and I'm getting paid, which was my goal anyway. What are y'all mad about? Right. I'm here minding my business. Anyway, the song is great. I love it. Uh, it's okay to me. I like it. It's not bad. It's… it's fine, like I don't dislike it- It's not her best song-… but I wasn't like Oh yeah, let me play that one again. But, it's fine. She… like to me, would release it out of the fact that she looks so fucking good in them pictures they released- Oh, yeah. Them promo pictures that she took. When she was like kneeling down with that chandelier hat thing on, and- All of that watches and shit that's like asleep-… she had on that watch thing that Rihanna calls ghetto. <laugh> She had that on and nothing else. That was just like… These pictures are phenomenal. Yes bitch, Cardi looks- Yeah. Comment to the song more than the photos. incredible. Now see, I'm the exact… I'm the exact opposite, but it's still… You know, Cardi's- It's a pretty photo, but… I mean, that's how I feel. You know, the song's fine. If this is an album, I probably would have saved that cover for the album. Well, that just makes me think that her team is gon' come with something even better because that's one area that she has not been slippin' in at all lately. They have been so on point with her hair, makeup, styling, so… I feel like whatever she has, if she does have something new coming out, then the pictures are gonna be even better for that. But, I think Ariana Grande was also teasing earlier today like, that she might be releasing some new stuff before the year is out. And she just put her album out, too. I just listened to her album though, like last week. Oh my god, I tried. I tried. Um, I like a lot more of it than I expected to. I think it's the first time I intentionally listened to an entire Ariana Grande album- mm-hmm <affirmative> mm-hmm <negative> Um, I definitely enjoyed more of it than I expected to, but- I enjoyed about as much of it as I thought I would. Okay, which is like what? Which is like, maybe two songs. Okay. Let me look at how many songs I listened- Probably because how she sings… She just don't have no depth behind it. There's no soul behind it. It's just this… I'd like a little enunciation-… pretty little light voice, and then she never really says the words all the way, and it just… I just can't with her, but- I like a lot. Well… A pretty enough voice. I'll give her that. Um… I like the God is A Women- This one doesn't have that many songs on it. I mean, this album doesn't have that many songs on it <inaudible>. Sinner. <laugh> I remember it being… I hated the Pharell song. Oh yeah, I don't like… and I swear he makes people keep him on his songs. That angle cried song, I did not… yeah. Oh, that song is like 30 seconds long. Right. That's not even a song. And I was not… I… the R.E.M. Song, just because Beyonce has a version of it and… Oh right, but see the Beyonce version is better. It just is. This version's not bad though, but after hearing Beyon- See. It's not fair to do that to people. Beyonce… The fact that Beyonce recorded that song and then I guess was just like I don't want it… Like what? Right. <laugh> Eh, I heard it. It's cute or whatever, but- My god. whoever's next can have it. <crosstalk> What does that women do with her voice? I know. Um, yeah. Ariana, she's cute. I… I… she fully deserves the spot that she has in pop music and stuff. I'm not like a stand or whatever, and… I think that I… Why did I fully like… I don't even know what pushed me to listen to it? But, I swear maybe less than a week ago. I said, you know what, let me listen to this song… this album. And I did. And Missy is on it- <laugh> Yeah, Missy's on it. I would… I mean, it's not that I- Oh, you know what it was <crosstalk>. I was in a… in a Lift, and that No Tears Left to Cry song came on, and I kept… I… I… that was probably the hundredth time that I've heard it or whatever. And I was like, the song's not awful. I would never go out of my way to listen to it. Let me see what Ariana Grande sounds like. Got you. Her hair's down now, and… Let's see, and… Yeah, it was what I expected. I… I just think that Ariana Grande is not for me, and that's fine as well. I mean, on the other hand now… I don't mean to be petty… What is you gonna say? I don't mean to be petty. No, you definitely do. No. GTFO by Mariah Carey… Don't. That is one of my new favorite Mariah Carey songs- Oh my god. You can literally- <laugh>… do any form of a dance to this song. You can twerk to this song, and waltz, salsa, liturgical dance- <laugh>… river dance… You could do the fucking Cha Cha Slide, the Electric Slide- Oh no… the Cupid Shuffle- No. Play GTFO by Mariah Carey. A universal bop. I do not like it. And I don't- How-… and I don't think it sounds like Mariah Carey- How fucking dare you. <laugh> I'm so sorry. It does not sound like Mariah Carey's voice. I don't know what happened. I don't know if she has them tinkering with it in the studio- This song doesn't sound like a typical Mariah Carey song- No, it doesn't sound like her-… it is very… it's just such a vibe. It doesn't sound like her voice. I mean literally the person singing. It does not sound like Mariah Carey… to me. Okay. I disagree. I just… I don't care for that one, but I did see that she's going on tour and bitch, I will definitely be there. And of course when the album comes out, I'm a listen to it because it's Mariah fucking Carey. It's like her 15th… 16th fucking albums, so of course I will. What… a- But I do not like that <crosstalk> Why don't you get the fuck out… <laugh> It's so great. I don't like that. <laugh> What the fuck is your problem? I don't know. Where as normally, I love songs when you tell niggas to get out, but- First of all, yes. <laugh> Right! On top of that… it is a… okay. I just don't like it. For my birthday, I'm going to play this at least twice a day. I mean, it's your birthday, so- And I want to see how you react- Okay- With a glass of whatever it is you'll be drinking- Oh I'm sure I'll be drunk. and some weed- Yup. Gon' be high, too. and this song. Okay <laugh> With some breeze. That's not fair because drunk and high people will react to anything. <laugh> It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. Being drunk and high sometimes allows you to come to a plain where you will see things that you didn't see before. <laugh> It does. Nigga, the song is just not good. That's how I was able to appreciate 7 / 11. Me too. And now I don't have to be drunk or high to realize that that's a vibe. Okay. Okay. I will let you have that. I have had the… the exact same experience with 7 / 11. mm-hmm <affirmative> Although I knew from the beginning 7 / 11 was the turn up pre-game song. I always new that. So it didn't have to grow on me. I wasn't uh, prepared for Beyonce to just make a bop just for bop's sake. Now APES**T is the bop that grew on me. Yeah. APES**T was a slow burn for me, too. I liked APES**T when I first head it way more than when I first heard 7 / 11… because APES**T had like- Oh no, I'm the opposite. mm-hmm <affirmative>. I really liked 7 / 11 the first time I heard it. APES**T had like layers and a hook and like… Yeah, it does. Where as 7 / 11 is just being Beyonce… Wave your hands and put it in the air. But, I still loved it, and then the video was so cute. Well, yeah. The video was great. But… and who were we talking about? We were talking about Mariah Carey- Oh. Oh, see yeah. So-… and being drunk and high to uh- Well, APES**T… I did not love it when it first came out… video was iconic of course. Yeah, of course. But the song, I was just like… eh, okay. And then as time went on, I was like, okay, I fucks with this. And then on the run in Houston, I left this flesh body- Yeah. and ascended over the stadium- Yeah. and got my whole fucking <inaudible> <laugh> See, it's because of 7 / 11 that I was able to really sit in APES**T when it first came out. 'Cause I was like, okay I see what's happening here. I feel like it's a better song. Well, it's constructed better than 7 / 11 is- mm-hmm <affirmative> Um, and I said I know that the first time that I go to the club and hear this song, I'm gonna lose my fucking mind. Okay. That's exactly what happened, and ever since then, I recognize the beauty and brilliance that APES**T is. Okay. Most of you other bitches and your regular-decular ass um, <inaudible> so you're um, metro booming… you know, you be hiding behind that great beat and there's nothing else there. Beyonce just rapped better than most of y'all bitches ever have. She did out rap you, Niggas. She did. She went off, actually. She went hard. So… I mean <crosstalk> So, maybe once I'm under the influence, GTFO will be better, but I don't care for it currently. It's so- Sorry. silky. It's just like- I don't like it. It's just like a satin sheet. I'm sorry. It's like… Nothing but love for Mariah Carey, but- Just imagine… imagine a Nigga- This-… crying and packing his things to leave your house as you are doing the Electric Slide with a glass of champagne- <laugh>… while this song is playing. This is… I just need for you to appreciate what Mariah Carey gave you. I don't. <laugh> Sorry. Okay. I just don't like the song. Um, well, speaking of legendary musicians… Tracy Chapman has- <laugh>… some words and some documents for Nicki Minaj- <laugh> Man, we've fucking called it. Girl, I mean, what did you? Okay. 'Cause you can't just do that. You can't just do what you want. <laugh> You can't just do what you want. Oh Tracy, don't be mad. Like you can't, not… No, this not how this works. So, y'all know that um, this summer before Nicki's album Queen came out, she went to the Barbs and I guess was trying to enlist their help to get in contact with Tracy Chapman so that she could clear a sample for a song on her album… Made all kinds of headlines and stuff and it was all kinds of hashtags. I don't know how she felt like these Niggas who are in fucking second period science were supposed to- Right. How were they supposed to? get in contact with Tracy fucking Chapman. Like, don't you have people who do that? Harassing some lady on Instagram. <inaudible> get out of that lady's fucking DM's. Well, the gag is that <laugh> she does have people who do that. Surprise, surprise. <laugh> And they did in fact do that, and were denied, so… Tracy Chapman in her lawsuit, her copyright <crosstalk> infringement lawsuit alleges that Nicki Minaj's people reached out to clear the sample. The request was promptly denied. Oh damn. Um, and as Nicki even tweeted, at one point… I missed this tweet. She said, uh… Sis said no. <laugh> Well, so then why the fuck did you put it on your album? She didn't put it on the album. Oh. The song's not on the album. The song is called Sorry features Nas, and um, interpolates- Oh? What a big word. I hate that word. Um, Tracy Chapman's song Baby Can I Hold You. I didn't hear it, but apparently Nicki is on there singing, you know… Miss Tracy song, and singing some more. Wait, so this song is not on the album? No, it's not, but here's the thing- Okay. After the album came out, Funk Flex tweeted Nicki gave me something. And I guess later that night on Hot 97, he played the song. Are you serious? Wow! After the album came out. So this would be after Tracy Chapman already told you- Already said no. I don't want you or your Barbies or your Kens or your Skippers- <laugh>… none of them Niggas involved with my music, thanks so much- No. 'ppreciate it. Good bye. Oh no. So, she kept it off of the album, but allegedly sent it to Funk Flex to play, and I'm assuming it's because Nas was on it and she was really excited, which would explain why she was so pressed to get that shit cleared in the first fucking place. But that's not… okay. Uh, I don't understand why- 'Cause didn't she say like it had like a feature from like the one of the most iconic… like she was hyping the song- I mean, yeah, but… that… I still can't believe Funk Flex would play that on Hot 97, like don't nobody listen to Hot 97- Nobody with sense can believe that. <laugh> But- Don't make no fucking sense- I'm trying to understand why after being told that No, you can't like… Right. I mean… why… he- Anyway- This is… He played it- Poor decisions. Obviously a ten year old today knows how to rip audio from the radio and put that- Right. shit on Tumblr, so it made its rounds somehow. I'm sure if you want, you could go find it at the moment somewhere. Um, and so Miss Tracy wants her things like <inaudible>- Damn. is suing for copyright infringement- Wow. It's already been filed in a district court in California. They would like monetary damages. Um, and they're also blocking Nicki Minaj from doing anything further with this… I mean I'm sure she wishes the song never even existed at this point. I'm sure also at some point this will all go away because Nicki will settle- Right, right. whatever she has to pay her. I'm just confused, like couldn't this have just gone up on SoundCloud or something? Some free platform? Like can't you sample… I feel like the issue with sampling has always been you need to get clearance if you want to then turn around and make any money off that track. No. No? It's not that simple. Okay. No, not at all. Copyright infringement is just girl, I don't want you to use my <crosstalk>. Oh, well. <laugh> Never mind then. You know what I'm… It isn't just like you're making money off of it- Got it- Like… it's really- Don't do it at all. It can be really complicated. Okay. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And I'm assuming because she had to do… I don't wanna say she had to, but because Nicki did that whole thing with oh, I'm trying to find Tracy Chapman. We're trying to get in touch with Tracy Chapman, and Tracy actually saying no and making sure to sue on top of that- mm-hmm <affirmative> Yeah. This lady, for whatever reason was completely decided- Yeah. in the fact that she did not want her music affiliated with Nicki Minaj, and she has that right the same way if in the future, somebody wanna sample one of Nicki's songs and Nicki says Bitch, I don't want you using my shit… It don't matter if they put it on their album or not. Right. They can't just send the… the song to whoever and let people listen to it anyway. 'Cause that means that anybody can then take that song and put it on their device and listen to it whenever they want to. Got you. Somebody else could take it and sample it. Somebody else could… you know what I mean, like- Yes. I don't want you using my shit either. I don't want anybody hearing you attempting to sing her music… period. Okay. That clears it up. Gotcha. You know, I mean… I don't know the difference in… in money, what it could look like, in terms of the lawsuit- mm-hmm <affirmative>… um, since she didn't actually make any money from it, but I know that lawsuit is very much um, reasonable- Yeah. and she will more than likely win. Right. So- If I was Nicki, I would be calling Flex at Hot 97 like… y'all put me on this. I'm sorry. Y'all putting me… y'all paying at least 60% of this fine because- How… if you sent them the song, why? What did you think? Oh, well there is that. If you sent them the… Unless you sent the song, like… for whatever reason. Let's just say, in a fool's world, Nicki Minaj sent this song to Funkmaster Flex with fucking message attached that said We're just such great friends and I just really wanted you to hear it. But please don't play it. I don't want to get in trouble. Honestly, that's what I thought when you said she sent it to him. I'm like, oh they're friends. She had messaged him- Why? She just did an interview the other day where she was like… I think before Queen came out or what… She was promoting it, saying like… they had just like recently made up or something like that and that was the same interview where he said that he believed when people were saying Nicki didn't write her stuff because she was a woman. Oh. Like he believed she had ghost writers because she was female. Right. So, they don't seem… I'm sure they're on cool terms or whatever now, but Funkmaster Flex don't seem like the type of person who I would just be like, oh yeah… Yeah here I want… I really want you to hear it, but please don't… like- Well, he did go on Queen radio sucking her dick a little bit. Was that Flex? I think so. But anyway- Furthermore, if the Nigga and… I'm reading this on Pitchfork- Oh, okay <crosstalk> They… they quoted Funkmaster Flex's Nicki gave me something tweet and he spells it N-I-C-K-Y. He deleted this tweet, allegedly. <laugh> Oh, god. So like, how friendly are you? Alright. So, you know what, I was trying to make it not so much Nicki's fault, but I can't… I'm all out… I'm sorry. I'm all out ways around this. Sweetie- I don't know why you sent it to anybody. I don't know. You already acknowledged that you used this woman's music in one way or the next. mm-hmm <affirmative> You also have acknowledged that she told you not to. At that point, don't use the song, or change it. Right. I don't understand. If you love the song so much, why you didn't… or the fact that Nas was on it, why not just change the beat? Can it not be done? You know how many bops Beyonce got? <laugh> Right. That we're never gonna hear. Jay-Z said she has vaults and vaults of songs and they just dance around and laugh at how the rest of us will never hear it. Beyonce probably got a song with Whitney and Micheal before they died. Oh my god. <crosstalk> She probably do. Just- And we'll never hear it. Sir, Rumi… Blue- That's… yeah they're on the background… background vocals- They don't need to worry about words, but- Yeah- It's just- They've already done a remix. What could you talk about? Like, you just can't do what you want. Anyways… I can't believe Funk Flex played that on the radio! I don't know what happened- Maybe she thought, nobody would notice? Like maybe Nicki though- What? Maybe she though Oh, Tracy won't get mad. We play it on the radio one time. I don't know what they thought- <crosstalk> bitch, you thought. <laugh> But you know whose gonna get to the bottom of it… Tracy fucking Chapman. <laugh> Well, get your money, girl. I'm never mad at that. I'm sure whatever money it is, a judge would uh, potentially award Miss Chapman. Nicki's got it. You just gotta cough it up. I'm assuming. I don't see how… if all of this is true… how she's not going to sit in front of a judge and be like Oh, hey girl, here. Did you hear about the uncredited writer on Bad Girl, that got $44 million? On what? On Usher's song Bad Girl, remember that? No. I need a bad girl. I mean, I remember the song. Oh, right. <laugh> Well, the story just came out, like earlier this week that there was a writer that <crosstalk>- Oh, yes. I did hear about that. $44 million… and I knew Bad Girl was a hit, but goddamn. That… <laugh> is so much money. My god. So, I mean, Tracy Chapman is not even seeking anything near that amount of money, but you can't just play with other people's property like that, so… I don't know. Good luck, Nicki. She'll be fine. Yeah. Uh, lastly I just wanted to touch on um, this story of Spice… um, who many of y'all may know from Love & Hip Hop if you're of a fan of reggae dance hall music, if you're from the Caribbean then you probably um, heard this music- I just want to say I heard of Spice back in like 2001… 2002 or something crazy <crosstalk>… was way before Love & Hip Hop- I really appreciate that-… I was a big fan way back then and I thought she was so gorgeous- Thank you. And I do not know who this girl is that was on VH1. So… oh me neither. I don't know who that is. No clue. <laugh> So, the other day I get onto Instagram, scrolling down, minding my business, you know, telling folks about my party and all that and then… and then I come across this autograph of someone they… they were telling me it was Spice- <laugh> They were telling you? Um… I know Spice to be a very chocolate, brown, Jamaican woman. The person I was looking at was more like the color of like a Texas toast or like a… A buttermilk gone bad? Like a Bisquick… like a- An egg nog-ish kind of hue… french toast batter… So, I um… I then like… turned my phone off and I took a nap- <laugh> Why can I picture you being like you know what, press to hold- I literally got off of my… like-… slide to power off- <laugh> I turned my phone off. I got in my bed- Bitch, I'm going to sleep because I know I didn't just see that. <laugh> I watched The Incredibles 2. What a great movie. It just came out on… on digital HD. I saw it in the theater. Yeah, it's great. And now I gotta watch the first one. Um… so, Spice has a new project out. Um, and I believe it is called Captured… Um, the record that she is promoting is called Black Hypocrisy. Now, I will say this… the Spice that… I've been a fan of Spice for like ever- Right. And so as fan, the reason this hit me so hard is because I'm like what is… am I officially <inaudible>, like… because she would never. Like the Spice that I know would never. Like she's spoken so openly before about loving her complexion, about being proud of her dark skin- Right. and she's spoken openly about other Black people and Jamaicans being um, critical and… and being like vicious towards her for the… the color of her skin. Yeah. The people are not strangers to these Niggas on that island and many surrounding others- mm-hmm <affirmative>… out here turning into full on ghosts because it's… like you don't look light-skinned, you look dead. Right. The… the bleaching doesn't make you look like you were born light. It makes you look like something's wrong. So- I don't know why y'all continue to do it. I was devastated. Then I watched the video and some of these interviews, and I haven't seen like an official confirmation yet- That she really did it. That she had… Yeah, that she did it, or that she's just in makeup. I'm pretty sure though, that she's wearing makeup. mm-hmm <affirmative> Like a lot of people have been saying, yeah this is just to promote the record and stuff like that. 'Cause in the video where she's performing, she's you know, her regular skin tone- Right. And then in the… there's a moment where she says like, on the song, like do you like me the way I look now? I don't remember. I just listened to the song for the first time, like… I listened to it twice maybe yesterday. But there's a song where she references like, do… is this better? Something like that, right? mm-hmm <affirmative> And in the video, she's lighter skinned again- Oh. But, it looks way more like makeup, than in the picture. Yeah. It does. Right. In the video it looks like you can see some of the light-skinned foundation on her. Yeah. Right. So, I'm assuming that this is sort of to prove a point, and it's to see, basically what happened… all of the people like making jokes, making fun of her, saying how horrible she looks, and honestly, that makeup photo with her and that Nikki Parker ass cheetah print she had on- <laugh> That photo… she looks insane and still looks better than the typical bleached person. Like, it looks… she still looks sick- Yeah, she definitely does. But like, compared to Vybz Kartel and Sammy Sosa, <crosstalk> like- Ugh, and she put in these gray contacts, too. <crosstalk> On top of it, so she… and then that blond wig- She look like Hazel-E. That's who I thought it was at first! <laugh> That's not good, sis. That's not good. Yeah, so until I'm proven completely wrong- Yeah. Yeah, I'm sitting in… in this being all a way of her trying to prove a point and make a statement about colorism. Not just like the globally but very specific… because it's bad. Yeah. It's bad in Jamaica. I don't even- Oh god. It's crazy bad. It has been for a long time, like my mother has always told me about comments that she would get from like members of her family for her… and my mother's like your complexion to be honest with you- mm-hmm <affirmative> And it's like- Well, me and you are not that far apart. Girl- Don't do this. We are not the… don't treat me like I'm <inaudible>. No you're right, you're right. We're not that far apart. We're really not. But you're lighter than me. Yeah this is true. And like, she has a brother that's a little bit lighter… like a little bit lighter than her- Me too. And when they were kids, they would get like comments about one being the other… like better than the other other, or one being favored and stuff like that, and it's like… like if you say that in front of your grandkids or your nephew- Oh wow. or your cousins and shit like that, and like- Damn. of course any bitch off the street… It's bad! I mean, it's bad here too, but like- I mean, yeah, but my family has literally the lightest of the light skinned Niggas and the darkest of the dark- Darkest… yeah- And everybody in between, so I was never… nobody… I feel like I fall in a weird position in the colorism debate, because nobody was ever like, ugh you Black bitch, expect white people. Right. Like, I didn't get shit for my skin tone by other Niggas. Right. This… I never… I guess I never really thought of Spice as being particularly dark… She just looks like a Black girl to me, but I see what you saying as far as like the whole colorism debate is concerned in the islands especially. 'Cause like I said- If you do that to yourself- That is such… I can't… I can't. It's a problem. Right. Right. I couldn't believe when I was in DR a few weeks ago, and they were talking to me like I was Black and they wasn't, and I was just like <laugh>… don't understand what you mean- <laugh> We the same. <laugh> We the same, Nigga. I don't… <laugh> It's just really wild how they don't consider themselves Black. But, anyway- Yeah, it's- I hope this is all just you know- Host of issues. She posted this on Instagram knowing it was gon' piss y'all off and get y'all talking and… and watching her video and- It's already almost at a million I think. See, there you go. It came out like yesterday. Because Niggas was pissed, and so I hope it is a promotional stunt and not a permanent thing you did to your body, girl. Yeah, because I mean, at the end of the day, what did… like how… how does the <inaudible> if you actually bleached your skin? Exactly? You know? Right. That wouldn't even make any sense. Yeah, the Spice that I'm familiar with you know, I don't know her on Love & Hip Hop from plates of barbecue with Niggas and stuff like that- <laugh>… but, as far as like the music I've listened to and the lyrics- Right. in that music, that wasn't the girl. Right. So I'm sticking close to my spirit, to my heart, and to my savior- mm-hmm <affirmative> And you know, the fact- She really had a lot of y'all rattled. <laugh> People were pissed. I was broken. <laugh> Like I was like Spice, you did Love & Hip Hop… it's okay. Lots of people… I loved Kalenna. She did it. I really liked some Bridget Kelly songs. She on there looking crazy. You know what I'm saying? I was like, you know, I liked Lyrica Anderson. As a song writer she's written- You know who that was? Yes. She wrote some songs I liked and she also had like a couple of songs that never like officially came out when she was working with Timbaland. So, I knew who she was before Love & Hip Hop, and then she came on Love & Hip Hop with both her momma and her man's momma- Oh-… fighting on the beach in bikinis- They mommas should of never been on TV. Single worst mistake you could have made. They're joining many hip hop mommas on TV- mm-hmm <affirmative> Just- Embarrassing themselves… Let's not forget Momma Dee. I mean… yeah. Honest… we could probably reach this all the way back to New York's momma, even though she… New York's? Sister Patterson might be the beginning- Sister… She… I think she might be, and… and even that, like she wasn't anywhere near as bad as these 2018 crop of mommas. Sister Patterson's fucking nuts- 'Cause they on some new shit, but the saddest part about this whole story is that this is certainly going to be part of Spice's storyline for the next season of Love & Hip Hop. Which one's she on? Atlanta. Miami. Oh, no. It is Atlanta. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Is- Yeah, because she was on with Rashida and them. Oh, yes! And uh, Tokyo uh- Vanity. Vanity. I almost said Tommy. <laugh> <laugh> I thought so too, when you first said Tokyo. Oh yeah, Atlanta. This is definitely gon' be a… If she's on next season, this is gonna be a story line. Well, good. I don't have a problem with this being a story line if she's back to her regular skin color. Just don't let it be real. Right. Just wash that shit off. Right, I'm fine with that. <laugh> Get in a tub, or wherever they gotta wash that shit off, and yeah, let's get the conversation going. That must have taken so long. I loved when Amara did it on um, Miami, when she had the conversation about colorism specifically in- Oh, yes. you know- Latin communities- The Latin community. Yep. And Miami, and I was like bring from Miami witnessing all this shit going on first hand- Right. and watching these white Latin people, being like You don't even know Black people. Like what? What? Do you know Black people? What? <laugh> <laugh> Oh, well… So, yeah. I'm all for Love & Hip Hop having a few conversations with depth mm-hmm <affirmative>… mixed in to you know, throwing tables or whatever, but- This just must have taken- Like they got her stomach, and her arms, her hands, everything. That must have taken en eternity to do. I mean if it does some good, if it makes a difference, what's 13 hours of spray-painted makeup? If it keeps one girl from taking whatever pill or cream y'all use- Oh God. To do that to yourselves- A pill? I mean, I don't know. I have no idea. I- I really have no idea how you do it- I don't know how you bleach ya skin, cause there is no rea- I would never wanna do that. I love my blackness It just has to be painful! Does it not hurt? Right? The melanin leaving your bo- I feel like it at least tingles. I'm just… I hurt looking at you. <laugh> Yeah, so, you know, I hope a good, long, hot shower's all it took to get Spice back to normal. Man just- Imagine rolling over in your bed- She had niggas losing it. and looking at your lover and that's the color they look- Actually, I would rather just be with somebody white. With ice blue eyes. <laugh>. Right? I would rather just date the oppressor. It was so hard looking at <unk:Tiny> on that show, with Monica and all them and she doing her interview with them icy ass eyes. You stop it. That is not the same. We do have to- You stop it right now. She the one who went and got a retina transplant. Now first of all, technically, those are Tiny's eyes now. Okay. <laugh> That is not okay. They are not contacts. No. I've gotten used to them. Mm-mm <negative>. She still look processed to me but it's fine. I <crosstalk>. You know, do what ever you want. I think because she's so fair skinned, now I'm just used to seeing her- I feel like if here eyes were here regular eye color she was born with now, it would be- Brown. It would catch me off guard, and then I would have to get used to it again. Really <laugh>? Yeah, because I'm so used to her looking like Smokey Robinson now. Oh right. I just feel like brown eyes are so pretty. I don't know why black people- Of course brow eyes are pretty. I don't know why she wanted icy blue eyes but. Like having there… I don't- right. In that shade of blue of all the blues. Like… I feel- I'm used to it now. You know, it don't matter. I can't even find a picture of Tiny's real eyes so… I'm cool with it. I don't care. <laugh> I'm done. I'm just much- she just seems like such a nice person. See look how pretty and normal she looked. And I want for everybody to be nice to her. Pretty and normal <laugh>. See, like that to me now is just so weird. Her looking like a regular girl? No, it just I'm used to her eyes looking like, light now. Yeah. Alright. Whatever. Anything else? Are we done? Oh yeah, no that was the end. Alright. Well lets take a break. Hey y'all. Shout out to ThirdLove for their support of this week's episode of The Read. They use millions of real people's measurements to design their bras with breast size and shape in mind so that they fit impeccably and feel even better. And since ThirdLove added 24 new sizes, they now offer the most options of any brand with a grand total of 70 sizes. You can find your fit in 60 seconds online. Order it and try at home with their fit finder quiz. It takes less than a minute. There's no awkward fitting room experience with somebody fondling you. It's just answering some questions and then receiving the most comfortable bra you will ever own. I love my t-shirt bra so much. I tell y'all all the time. It is just fun to lay around the house in, which is very rare for me and bras. There's premium, ultra soft, smoothing fabrics and expert design features, like straps that don't slip. It's just the small details that make all the difference. And the labels are even tagless, which is the best part. I can't tell you how many bras I've had to turn around and cut the tags out because it's like, girl I cannot have the back of my back, like the middle of it itching all day. <laugh> It's just so annoying. And because ThirdLove guarantees a perfect, returns and exchanges are free and easy. There's a perfect bra for everyone, so right now they are offering y'all 15% off your first order. Just go to ThirdLove.com/readnow to find your perfect fitting bra and to get 15% off your first purchase. That's ThirdLove.com/read for 15% off. Now do something great for your titties and let's move one. Show your titties some love. Beautiful. <laugh> Alright, so we're back. It's time for letters. Send your questions to asktheread@gmail.com. We may just read them aloud on the show. Let's start this week with a letter from. Hmm, let's see. We're gonna call this person… what's that… I'm gonna call this person… I'm struggling- Samantha. Okay. Samantha says… you need a little bit of a backstory before you hear this. Oh God. Just a little bit. I was raised by my grandmother. When I was 13 she took in a baby who I've always referred to as my brother, although he is no blood relation to me at all. When he was 15 he found his biological family and ran away to be with them. The bio mom didn't really wanna be bothered with him anymore. Long story short she's trash. <laugh> I don't- I mean, I'm sorry. I didn't laugh. I mean, well right. Ended up kicking him out on the streets and he became a couch surfer from there. He and my grandmother eventually repair their relationship, but she was reluctant to allow him to live here with again. She passed in 2013 and her wishes were- <inaudible> I'm sorry. You keep laughing. I'm so distracted. Her wishes were that I make sure he was taken care of since I am her beneficiary and receive her pension. Aww. I set up an account for my brother and gave him money every week. He didn't finish high school or have a job or a place to live, but he had an infant that he just found out was his. I tried to make sure he could become self-sufficient by getting enrolled in a GED program, getting his drivers license and applying for trade programs, but he wasn't down for any of that. Each week he ran through the $500 dollars that I gave him and yet never had anything to show for it so I stopped the payments. Unfortunately, my brother was shot and killed in 2014. So a little bit of a sad backstory. Jesus. But now you have it. She said, I wanted to do right by him and contacted his baby mamma to offer financial assistance to her for his son. We went to the bank and set up an account that I put money into weekly from my payroll. She was only responsible for paying the $12.00 monthly checking account fee. A few months later I was contacted by payroll, from my job stating that the account had been close. When I reached out to the baby momma, she said the back Kept messing with her money. So she closed the account. To me that means she didn't need no help so… <laugh>. So I refused to start the payments again, even though she asked if I could. I have an infant child of my own and my husband had just gotten laid off at the time but I still gave her money when she needed it and asked. Right. For a time she seemed to be doing Facebook fortunate. Which I don't know y'all had a name for that. What? When niggas be stunting on Facebook with, Here go my new job, here go my new apartment, here go my new car, her go my earrings. This sort of thing. I don't know there was a term for that. That's what they call it? Facebook fortunate. Facebook fortunate. I know nothing about Facebook. Woo. So, uh let's see. And she was even posting photos of the highest grades of weed. But lately- <laugh> She seems to have fallen on hard times. She lost her job, got into a car accident, got evicted etc. I mean fuck, where- Jesus. From Facebook fortunate right back own to reality. She asked me for money to help with a security deposit. I sent it. She then asked me to borrow money since she was between jobs and said she would pay me back after she got her first check. I sent that as well. Needless to say the date came and went without contact from her, not even to say thank you. Of course. She messaged yesterday asking for more money and acknowledged that she already owes me some but said that she needs it because her kids need winter coats and she doesn't have anybody else to turn to. Jesus. I'm pissed because she's trying to appeal to my heart strings regarding some kids that are not mine and to be real are of no relation to me. I don't wanna see kids out there without coats during the winter but I'm not putting another dime in her hand. Jesus. I though of sending here some coats, maybe donated from friends or family or purchased at the thrift store- Oh that's a good idea. but I don't appreciate being treated like a fucking sponsor. What should I do? Thanks, Samantha. Well. This is hard because you're right. This child is no relation to you. Right and you've done so much already <laugh>. So much. Right. Way more than I woulda done. Like, so much. So much. Like you're an awesome person. So much girl. Yeah, I don't know man. Like… ugh this is tough and I feel like, yes it is because of the mention of kids. It definitely- that is definitely way. That, that's, that's the only reason this is difficult because you gotta decide like, alright, do I want to help in whatever way, make sure these kids have- you know, get their coats that they need. And if that's something that you decide to do, I would explicitly explain to this girl that I'm not helping her anymore after that. You know what I'm saying? mm-hmm <affirmative>. I don't even- really when I gave here… whatever she said about that money that she said that she was gone pay back. Oh yeah, that loan. When I gave her that money I would have fully expected to never see it again. She probably did. Right, and she probably did. Right, she probably did. So, it would have been like, you know, it's all good, all the money, whatever. Like yeah don't even have to think about paying me nothing back or whatever. It's all good, but from here on out, we're clear. How ever you wanna work that, I'm not even gonna say what's best. But, if you did decide to provide her with coats or the money for coats or whatever it is that you would do, I would make sure that she knows that, girl I don't… I understand that you said that you don't have anywhere else to turn but you better get your carousel on because- <laugh> <laugh> Oh you aint shit. It's like, I don't, you know what I'm saying. Like girl, we're not related, them kids aint related to me. Like- Yeah. I didn't fuck you. Like I don't… I can't… what do you want me to do? You were being so generous to take care of- send her money after your brother passed away so sadly. I don't… I guess he didn't have any assets to leave behind or a pension or anything. Well of course not. He must have been entirely too young, but um- At the end of the day you can't let here take advantage of you. You keep doing this and she- that's why. But the babies. It's cold outside. You got kids momma, you gotta figure out how to take care of em. You know what I'm saying? Or at least be… at least show the initiative to like really- Yeah. Appreciate and pay back, you know what's being given to you. You know what I'm saying? You fully understand the relationship that you have with this girl, the same… and in that same way she understands. You know what i'm saying? She understands how y'all even connected in the first place and that you have no right or obligation to do any of this for her. You know what i'm saying? She sees that you're a good person. She sees that you're a compassionate person and she's gonna use that to her benefit. You know what i'm saying? So, yeah she got kids and yeah it makes all the sense in the world to be caring for those kids and wanna help and stuff like that but at the end of the day she gotta be able to care of them. You know? If you like, wanna help, help her find someone who can be a mentor or get her a jo- Something. Like, whatever it is. But she can't be leaning on you. On top of that you talking about you got your own baby and a husband at home, who got laid off. Like, bitch you got your own problems. My nigga I'm sorry. Like I feel you and I… you know what i'm saying? And I care about you and them kids or whatever momma but I got problems of my own. If she can't respect that I don't know what time she thought it was. My heart is really breaking because, I'm the type of bitch that you could get me like this, you really could. Me too. You could definitely get me talking about your kids was gone be cold without my help. I mean anybody with any form of a heart. But, you know, maybe if you ask her, Look what size coats do the kids wear? You know, We have some donations at the church that I can get for you. Or something like that and she's like, Oh yeah, you know, this one wear a eight and this one wear a twelve. Then you know that's a bitch who really want a coat. In fact- there you go. Even if you were willing to give the money for the coat, I would start off with that just to see how she reacts to that. Right. You could say, you could try something like that, You know we got a bunch of coats here at the church. Let me see- See how she reacts to that. if they got something fits that kids and I can ship it to you. How she reacts to that will answer some many questions. And you aint even gotta pay me back for the priority mail box girl. I will cover the cost of the shipping. I will just ship these coats or you can come pick them up or whatever and we'll see how it goes. But good luck, because that would keep me up and night going back and forth over weather to give that lady $100 for coats <laugh>. Same. I know I would fold easily. I would- right because it would be like- And just give it to her so I won't have to think about it not more. And get them some hats and some gloves and some boots. Right. Here go some scarf and mitten money too. I hate your ass. And don't ask me for shit else <laugh>. I can't stand you. Do they have rain boots? <laugh>. You know you can't tell when it's a puddle sometimes. You get on my nerves bitch <laugh>. Here's a check. I can't stand you. And do they have Uggs right <laugh>. Right. Girl, good luck, because that would just be eating me up inside. Alright. You're awesome though. You are a really good person. I mean and she kn- she knows it and that's why she's asking you, because you say yes. Alright. So our next question comes from Maurice. He said, Last year I situationship with a guy I met on Grinder and my light skinned ass fell in love. Sounds like Maurice. When we first met, we admitted how attracted we were to each other and after hooking up for the first time, he said, It's just me and you. And deleted Jacked and Grinder in front of me. Okay, so this is where the problem started. Keep going. Thing got intimate pretty quickly and we started cuddling, taking showers, sending cute texts and cooking for each other, spending the night. Oh, see I think y'all lesbians. Oh, yo, really dude, God damn. Why do this sound like a- ugh! <laugh> That only lasted for two weeks. When started getting distant and not replying text. Duh. Well now it's not like lesbians anymore. Yeah, Two weeks, we just getting started. Right, okay. <laugh> That's when the U-haul outside like, beep-beep. Two weeks it's time to go get a copy of that key made <laugh>. Anyway- With a cute little print over the key so you know which one it is. Okay, fast forward a day or two later and a friend of mine saw him on Grinder. I was pretty mad, but I guess it was fair since nothing was official. So I re-downloaded Grinder myself, even though I only wanted to be with him. I wanted to admit to him how I felt for him in person and ask why he suddenly switched up on me, but he kept saying he was busy and canceling our plans. After finally agreeing to meet one morning before class, as usual, he stood me up and told me he was sick. Alright, just, I got my answer. Even thought he had messaged my faceless anonymous Grinder profile looking for sex 10 minutes prior. Work. When I sent him the screenshots, he told one of those nigga lies that make no sense so I cut him off. Fair. Much like a dumb ass though, I went back to him two months later. You are so young. Like every- okay. i tried to remove my feelings from the sex, but to no avail. Wow. In January of this year I admitted to him how I felt and he felt the same way in the beginning but now it's too late. We've been hooking up- <laugh> What? We've been hooking up sporadically throughout this year- Oh gosh. And I haven't seen him since June but I'm still in my feeling. Every time we hook up, I try to leave immediately, but he begs me to cuddle with him and falls asleep in my arms. If you don't set that nigga on fire- He's currently in a relationship with a dude who I see on Jacked every night and I'm stuck reminiscing about the things we did together. <laugh> Do y'all have any advice about how I can get over my feelings. This is my first time falling in love or something like it- Girl you are not in love sweetie. And I'm beginning to believe- Sorry, sorry. And I'm beginning to believe that once you love someone, you'll always love them- Shut up. No matter what. That's not what this is. That's ex- I know but that's exactly what he said. Yeah, but it's wrong. Thanks, forgot the name I gave him. Maurice. Maurice. Maurice, you're not in love. You really like this guy. Y'all had some really great sex and you had some companionship. Now when the earlier parts of this letter were happening, I was like, How old is this person? How old is this person? Then you said class at some point. Right. So that answers the age range. mm-hmm <affirmative>. And it's sounds just like- Younger than 23. Yup. It's sounds just about right. Right on the money. If it helps you at all Maurice, been there. You know, it totally happens. You fuck a nigga, you know what i'm saying, off of this app. You probably got stressed trying to meet your deadlines or <laugh> <inaudible>. Whatever. And you make a connection, you like somebody and you have your little, two week, three week, however long fling of being on your feelings. Yeah, the little rendezvous. And then once the little- I can't even really call it a honeymoon phase because it's not official but you know what I'm saying. Once the little romantic phase wears off and then niggas get bored. Then they start you know, wanting to go out and chase and be a hoe again. Right, right. That's just sort of like, like, early 20s, even like 18, 19. Like- Oh, yeah. Honestly once you start feeling grown- Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's that. It's that thing, where you're like, Ooh I'm 19, I'm grown. Can't nobody tell me nothing. I go to bed when I want to. You not gonna meet a nigga on no Jacked or Grinder and have sex with a nigga and then he's like, turns right back around and says it's me and you. No the fuck it's not. That's not how this works. It's unrealistic, it's not real and he was bullshitting with you from the very beginning. Okay? So what you gotta do is recognize that you never really were in love with this nigga. You really, really like him. Maybe you were infatuated with this nigga. That's a completely different thing. mm-hmm <affirmative>. It's okay to understand that. Let the nigga go. He was gonna be a hoe any mother fucking way. You understand what I'm saying? And now he has opened up your life for you to continue your hoe journey. Right. And do what the fuck you gotta do with whatever things you like to play with. You understand? Let that nigga go, forget all about it. 'Cause I promise you in a smooth five years maybe, you're gonna look back and be like damn. Love? That was not it. What the fuck was that? Like… Love is reciprocated. You will literally through back a shot of whatever and just be like, laughing your ass of- <laugh> Yes. At how dumb you were. And really, I know, if you're in the middle of a heartbreak right now, just know that time will take care of it, but you do have to let the time pass and you can't fast forward through the hard parts. So I'm sorry that you're going through I right now. You will 1000% get over it. That's not- But you have to stop fucking him first. That's not the question. Yeah, you have to fully- You have to stop that. Stop fucking that nigga. Sorry. Block him, delete. Like, you have to fashion your life up in a way where it seems like he died. He died. Yeah. I tell people all the time- It's so sad. Have like a little wake if you want or a vigil. Yeah. Burns things. Photos. Go on light you some of those little tealight candles. Whatever, but that nigga died. He doesn't exist anymore. So delete every memory, Yes. Everything that you have of him, anything around you that reminds you of him, you can get rid of, if that helps, if it's that deep. Right. You know what i'm saying? Then do that so you don't have to think about him, see him, be you know, tempted to reach out to him or whatever. Right. And then give yourself time to get over it and the next thing you know you gone meet some other nigga and be like, What the fuck was that niggas name? Like, it's gonna happen. It is. This is like so regular gay 101. Like, it, you… yeah. Bless it. You just need to age. I feel for you because a nigga played with your feelings. Yeah, but- Talking about it's just me and you. Yes. And then deleting the apps off his phone all dramatic in front of you. And you didn't know no better. But, sweetie, you do not wanna go into year two of pining after this nigga who has made it clear that he is only here to be a hoe. He's just here to drop dick off- He just wants to be a hoe. Cuddle a little bit and they find the next nigga to drop dick off with and cuddle with. I mean if it helps, he's in a relationship, like you said with some nigga who's fucking… I mean, who's on jacked. I mean well… I guess. Like you can- I don't know <laugh>. It just don't do much for your feelings. That and a weighted blanket might help you sleep at night. Now look, I'm telling y'all. If you niggas is feeling lonely and you wanna be held at night, you might just wanna go on Amazon and get you a weighted blanket instead. All of the comfort and security- Not too expensive. None of the lies. It honestly feels like sleeping in cleavage. It does <laugh>. I love it s- and I don't even like titties and I love it. Right. It is so comfortable. What is that thing… is it called a papoose? A papoose? That women would put their babies in? Oh <laugh>. Is it? Why was I thinking Remy in papoose? Yeah, I know like, that's the first thing that came to mind. Isn't that what that's called. I think so. Is that what their called? The baby carriers? I don't know. Let me look it up. I'm, I'm just thinking of Native American women and their little babies in. Like the Native American women. Oh, it is called a papoose. Yes. I hope I didn't say something racist. Well. Indigenous, I don't know. So a papoose is an American English word who's present meaning is a Native American child, not the carrier. Oh, so this is a slur. Well… American English. Okay, no, no, no. No I don't trust this no more. In the UK the term papoose is- They're like the worst thing that happened to Native American people. Okay, so no, no, no. The child carrier is also referred to as a- like see this is a papoose. Okay. That whole big set up. That's what I was thinking of. Yes. Is it Native American people that had these? Yes, but I don't know if Native American people call them papoose. Of course the didn't. They almost certainly do not. Of course they did not <laugh>. <laugh> Sorry natives if we slander your people in any way. I'm so sorry. I be- I don't know what else to call it. Not to be Elizabeth Warren right now, but I am 1.3% Native American, so say it Ancestry. <laugh> But we can actually look at pictures of you family members that you know can be like oh yeah. But that's like not how it works, like you also have to be part of the community. Yeah. And part of the tribe. Right. It's not just, oh my grandmamma was half India- like, okay bitch whose was it? They don't care <laugh>. So anyway, what was we talking about? I don't remem- Oh weighted blankets. Yes, weighted blankets instead on niggas will save your feelings this fall and winter. You know I could have just said like, a Bjorn. A Bjorn. I could have just said that. But you know what I'm glad you said papoose because I remember that word. And at first I was thinking pupusa, which the Brazilian food. Have you ever had a pupusa? I don't know what that is. Oh, <laugh> nigga I gotta take you to get some pupusas. They are- is it Brazilian? Sounds like something I never eat. Salvadoran. It's like a- the tortilla with the filling inside. Oh, I gotta take you to this spot. I'm sold. I don't even know what you're talking about. It's like margaritas and pupusa, it's so fucking good. But any way, weighted blankets don't lie. They don't. They not finna tell you where they was… lying about where you was at. They not finna weight tell you fall asleep to go get on Instagram. You don't even have to wait for them to come home. They waiting in the bed. When you're ready to go to bed- Right. They're ready to go to bed. They're ready to go to bed <laugh>. What's the problem? So just- but really you gonna have to cut this nigga off. You do not wanna go into year two of being in love or infatuated because it's not love, with somebody who is not thinking about your ass. Use the winter time to be in your feelings so that by the time the whether changes and it's a summery and niggas are officially hoeing again, you're ready. Yeah, but don't get too deep in your feelings. You know, Halloween's coming up. You might be able to find somebody at a party or a get together, that sort of thing. You know, go out to, to clubs and get togethers and events. And you know, put yourself back out there. Don't be worried about this nigga who is clearly not worried about you. That's all I'm saying. Amen. Good luck to you babe. Our last question comes from… I need a ladies name. <unk:Sharmelle>. Sharmelle says, I'm 26 years old, I live in the DMV. Back in June I made a friend while I was at the laundromat. He needed help working the wash machine. So I helped him. Wait, he- of course he did. Of course he needed help working the washing machine. I don't even know why <laugh>- yeah, yeah he did. Sure. He was nice and friendly- <laugh> and had a lot to say about politics and racism in this country. Oh God. I can't say that I was attracted to him, but I was interested in what he had to say. That's cute. We parted ways and I didn't see him again for about a month. But when I did see him again, he was acting weird, like he was flustered, but I let it go. He talked about projects he wants to work on and says he has a goal of waking up black people, which I can respect. Okay. He also said though, that he is a conspiracy theorist. He believes- Oh boy so he's BOB. He believes in the free masons running the world in the back of the dollar bill having significance to that theory. Oh Jesus. He said he had a lot he wanted to teach me, and maybe I can meet him at his apartment over the weekend to talk about it. I was not interested in meeting him alone in his apartment while he told me things I don't believe in. Unfortunately I had already given him my number, so he texted me that weekend asking is we could get together the next. I told him I would be more comfortable meeting somewhere in public and he agreed and said he just needed to tell me something beforehand. Uh. Niggas. So I met up with him Friday after work an he let me know that he has a crush on me. <laugh> Is- oh. Right. I laughed it off and we went to a coffee shop and he told me more about his non-profit idea and the other projects. But throughout the night, he would reiterate that he was interested in me romantically. What's wrong with the nigga? He's 40 year old. Not that I think 40 is old by any means, but I'm not comfortable with the 14 year age gap. Old enough to know how to use a washing machine. Oh my God. What a valid point. How you 40 and don't know how to work the fucking washing machine. Like, none of them? Nigga, they're all pretty much the same. I mean you kind of just know how to- Have you never done this? You just- Right. Okay, anyway. He's also ready to settle down, have lots of babies and I'm just not ready. I wanna be financially and emotionally stable before I bring any kids in this world. Plus I'm Christian and he's muslim. Yup. That wouldn't be a problem for me- It is. But he thinks Christians are heathens, so I don't even know how that would work. <laugh> Damn girl. Unless he's hoping I would convert and I'm not interested. And then- So he sounds like some- okay. Right. The next day he texted me saying he had something important to tell me and- Wait he- what? <laugh> Right. What is the- spit it out nigga. What the fuck? I figured it ha something to do with him being interested in me so I found an excuse to not meet up with him. But- How many people has he killed? <laugh> <laugh> I did bump into him at the laundry mat. He sat down and- <crosstalk> told me that he's in love with me and that he wants to marry me. He said it was my little idiosyncrasy that made him fall in love with me. I was flustered but at the same time skeptical, because at this point we had only known each other for a month and a half. He asked if he could attempt to woo me and against my better judgment he said sure. Over the next week he would text me first thing in the morning, send me a love song to listen to and text me good night. I thought it was cute but I felt bad because I knew his efforts were in vain. He realized I wasn't really responding the way he hoped and he apologized and said he would fall back, and he did. He stopped texting me completely. I saw him doing laundry a couple days later and he apologized again. It's been a month since then and even though he said he would fall back, he's still very open with me about how he feels. He'll say that I'm the one that got away or that if he were closer to my age he would never leave me alone or that the only reason he comes to the laundry mat is to see me, even if he doesn't have laundry to do.I'm getting uncomfortable, not with his feelings but I feel like I am being a bad person by continuing this friendship. B- I realize he's <laugh> always gonna feel this way and I don't want him to think there's hope by me continuing to talk him. I have already let him know that I like him as a friend, so it's not like he doesn't know how I feel. My question is, should I stop talking to him? I know ghosting people isn't nice, but I'm wondering maybe if he sees less of me, the feelings won't be as intense. I don't know what to do here. Any advice would be greatly appreciated, thanks. My advice to you- I don't know what name you said. Sharmelle. Sharmelle. My advice to you Shar, would be um, to Google the most, like… affordable packing services in your town. <laugh> Um, box up your things- <laugh> And get the fuck out of dodge because, that nigga is frightening. You don't tell nobody no shit about no mother fucking conspiracy theories and the back of the dollar bill having history in the assassin versus the <inaudible> and the first civilization- Sure. And whatever. Right. Like, I don't… and then you're in love with me and wanna marry me. After I already told you I wasn't even interested in dating. And we just met. Girl this nigga a weirdo. He's scary. He's a weirdo sis. You're coming to the laundry mat even when you don't have laundry to do just to see me and I already told you I don't want you. I don't like you, I'm frightened. He's 14 years older than you are. And if he were your age he would never leave you alone. He told you that. Sis Okay, so link- <laugh>. You know what let me… because she actually posted a word the other day. <laugh> Not your pulling up your <unk:dogs> Instagram. She posted like a sermon about red flags. Did she? Yeah, she did. Did she just scroll right through on her phone? She's actually like a very, very powerful and moving soul for her age. You know, she's only three so. But she's so, she's so wise. Far beyond her years. Yeah, she is, very. I picked this question because there are so many women who don't know how to say no to men who aren't like… I don't know. It's kind of like if a man is not being outwardly mean or disrespectful then it's kind of like, you struggle with saying no and establishing boundaries. Yeah. Like, I don't have a reason to no let… like when you said, he wanted the opportunity to woo you and you said yes, even though you knew good and God damn well you weren't attracted to him. Like why, yeah? I'm like sis, why? Right. This should have never gone past, you know the laundromat thing, when you saw him again and he was like, yeah lets hang out. You should have been like, Ooh you know what? Not interested but- Actually no. Right. So I want you to take some time to yourself to figure out why you decided to keep talking to this person that you're not really interested in. That's good advice. Why you had trouble telling him, Look I'm not interested and that's all there is too it and you don't get a chance to try to change my mind about it. Yeah. It's just a no. It's just a no for me dog. Even if he weren't doing so in a rather creepy manner. Even though he- That would still be facts. Definitely is <laugh>. You know what i'm saying? Like I- Like, even if he wasn't saying all that weird creepy shit- No. It would still be like, girl I told you I'm, I'm good. Right. And that should just be that. You're not a bad person for not wanting to hurt his feelings, however, you are going to have to be plain and clear about the fact that you're not interested and you don't want him to talk to you about anything. Like, don't talk to me about how I'm the one that got away because I was never yours to- f- to get away from. Like, I didn't escape you because I was never with you. I would never go back to that mother fucking laundromat. Yeah. I would go use another one. If I can't- Yeah. Have somebody just come and pick my shit up or do whatever. Right. I would literally never go to that fucking laundromat again. Same. Because it seems like that's the only place where y'all run into each other. mm-hmm <affirmative> So, if I don't contact you and I don't wash my clothes there then I'm assuming that I'm not gone see you for quite sometime and hopefully after a while you'll just get the fucking hint and not go back to the laundromat- Yeah. since you don't go there to wash your damn clothes anyway and you don't know how to fucking use a washing machine in the first fucking place. That nigga- mm-hmm <affirmative> <laugh>. Is weird. He is. Okay? You're not being mean girl. Oh, she lives in the DMV, so she probably can't just get up and move out of nowhere. Yeah, no I was joking about that part. Oh. But I'm saying, like, I definitely wouldn't go back to that fucking laundromat that's for sure. How- right. If you can get laundry delivery, girl you should definitely start doing that. Or just wash your clothes somewhere. But- I mean, I'm, because I'm good for sending my laundry out and washing my panties in the sink. And that being that. 'Cause I don't like strangers touching my draws. Yes, like so true. But, I get it, but like… From the moment that he said that whole thing about love and marriage, I would have immediately- Yeah. The brightest red flag and I'm finished. That's too much. But you keep going, Fine. And then you arrived at… I come to the laundromat even when I don't need to do laundry just to see someone who- Nope, nope, nope. I know don't wanna be with- no. No, no. Mm-mm <negative>. No. And he's 40. Girl sorry, 40 years old sweating you like this. I don't like it. I-I can't imagine. No shade, I'm sure you're gorgeous but I can't imagine being pressed over a 26 year old at this point in my life. I just can't. I would not. Me and a 26 year old d- probably don't have nothing to talk about, other than like you know worldly events. That is just that. Yeah. And I definitely cannot see myself like being turned down. Like you have tried to be kind about it and he knows that, but you have curved this nigga and he's still making sure that he keeps in touch with you just so you know how he feels. But she's also leaving the door wide open. Right, so- You know? Right. So that doesn't help. So that's what I'm saying. You have got to figure out why you're reluctant to establish that boundary with him. Right. But please do it. It can't just be this black shit in this nonprofit idea. Please do not write, please do not contact this Nigga no more, please girl. Yeah. Cause what I don't want you to do is just keep going along with things and next thing you know you're in a relationship with somebody you're not even attracted too. Or better yet the next thing you know you're a lifetime movie. Or a segment on ID network. We just don't want that to happen to you sis. So good luck stay safe. You don't want it. Right. You don't want it. Shouldn't even be a question. He'd not even fine. Like, ughh, I just don't know. This whole. Not that you're not grown, but that man is 40 years old. He was probably frontin like he didn't know how to use the washing machine anyway, just so you would help. Because I just don't know how you don't know how to do that, but- Anything's possible at this point. Jenyka like, who is this? Good luck girl. I would also like most definitely never darken the door at our wash house again, not ever. <laugh> like I mean not gunna happen. It's not gunna happen. Depending on me and their looking left and right for weeks. And then he go and find another 26 year old girl and pray that she's into his conspiracy theories. Hopefully. Earth is flat bullshit and it won't be you! And you know what? God bless her. Yes. God be with her. Who ever she is, cause that one mmm-mmm <negative> But it won't be you girl. It won't be you. All right, good luck to you. Send your questions to asktheread@gmail.com and we will be back. Hey guys, when you're selling online, getting those orders out of the door quickly can be rough. That's why you need shipstation.com, the fast and easy way to manage and ship your orders all from one place. Shipstation helps you get orders out quickly and keeps customers happy. Whether you're using your own website or Shopify or Squarespace, Etsy over 75 other popular selling channels. Shipstation brings all your orders into one simple interface, making it easy to manage something from any device, even from your phone. If you're an out on the go type of a person, you'll ship more and less time and with the best rates available. And Shipstation is also available in the UK and Australia and in Canada. No wonder Shipstation is one of the most popular choices for online sellers and right now, try substation for free for 30 days plus you get a special bonus when you use Promo code read, that's Read. Do not wait. Go to shipstation.com. Before you do anything else, click on the microphone at the top of the homepage and type in read. That's shipstation.com. Microphone at the top of the homepage and the code is read Shipstation make ship happen. Now let's move on. Another thank you goes out to Talk Space for sponsoring today's episode of The Read. If you can't imagine fitting anything else into your incredibly busy schedule, Talk Space is here to help. Therapy is just as easy as sending your therapist a text message throughout the day. You can get something off your chest whenever you need too. Talk about everyday challenges at work or at home. Talk about life, whatever you want. There are no extra commutes now leaving the office, and most importantly no judgements. Therapy is not just about venting your inner most thoughts or digging into your childhood memories and trauma. It's also about practical everyday strategies for stress management and living a happier life, which Lord knows we all need some stress management. These days with- Amen this administration. That's right. Having a therapist simply provides you a designated person to talk to who is trained to listen and help you make positive changes, which is very hard work, but incredibly worth it. The Talk Space platform has over 2000 licensed therapists who are experienced in addressing the life challenges we all face. So to match with your perfect therapist for a fraction of the price of traditional therapy, go to talkspace.com/read and use code read to get $45 off your first month. That's Code r e a d at talkspace.com/read. Take care of your mental health and let's erupt the show. Okay, so now it's time for our reads. It does. It does. Sure. Sure it does. Okay. So. It's up to you. I think I can do this rather quickly. Let's see. Famous last words. Whatever. Yeah. So Megyn Kelly, um. I knew it. I knew it. You got to be about the dizziest. <laugh> White bitch. Um. Megyn Kelly was on NBC on our show. Ah, Tuesday. Can't believe that show is still on. Like? Anyway, so she was on there with three other white folk and the topic of Halloween costumes came up. Specifically, Um. A university in the UK. I think University of Kent. I think is what it's called. Okay. Um, some school out there that had like guidelines, do's and don'ts in terms of Halloween costumes, I'm assuming on their campus. And among those were like, like ah, cowboys, native costumes, I think they said Nuns, like whatever. Things that they perceived as, uh, could possibly be offensive. Nazis and things like that obviously made the list. Right. And so Megyn, uh, starts and, and just, she's just fuming. She's, she's had it. Like I don't even, like Halloween has to be her shit. Cause she started this off like I've just got some things to say. <laugh> And so they start to riff on all of this stuff or whatever and why they think it shouldn't be a big deal because I'm like, ah, you're, you're dressing up as something that you aren't really, whatever. It would have been a whole bunch of white hoopla and nothing. Until she pulls this topic of blackface. She talked about how Luann, on one of the best housewives, um, not her specifically, but one of the- Yes. The city around Right. Um, how she dressed up as Diana Ross for Halloween and was in black face and got dragged for deservingly. Um. Right. And in mentioning this, Megyn says something like, you know, when I was a kid like, black face, white face, like it was okay, as long as you were like, dressing as Da da da da da. Alright, I'm just going to pull over there. Right, because no, it wasn't. Megyn is almost 48 years old. Okay. Google says she was born in 1970. Oh, you're right. Her birthday's next month. Damn, she's aging pretty well for a white woman. Yep. Forty seven. I definitely thought 41. So. So you were born and your child in the seventies? There ain't no motherfucking square inch- Nope. On God's green and blue. Mm-mm <negative> In 1970 nothing, where it was okay to be in black face. Okay. So you straight up lying off rail. I don't know where the fuck. You know what I'm saying? We're born, champagne, Illinois. That can't be too far from Chicago. Girl. I feel like it's not. It don't matter if this was in Champagne, sweetie. You could've been born in Terrabithia, bikini bottom. Riverdale. Not Terrabithia, Lord. I don't give a fuck. Narnia. I don't care which part you were born in. 1970 niggas wersent having black face. It's just like- No that's true, Ages before that. So I don't know what you're talking about. Right. Alright. Oh No, it's not close to Chicago at all. Nevermind. My bad. So I just have a couple of issues with this. First of all, the. If you're going to be having a discussion on black face in Halloween as we do. Literally every Halloween. <laugh> Tell them. You could at least have somebody black, someone of color. You're sitting with three other white people also sitting there like ah I don't know. <inaudible> and Joan Rivers fucking daughter sitting over there talking about if you wanted to be Diana Ross, you could've just dressed up as Michael Jackson, shut up bitch. Because honestly like, you know. What? I've already like- Uhhhhhh. We tried to leave you alone because your mama under the dirt even though we never really. I never really saw her for her ass in the first motherfucker place, you know what I'm saying, but bitch like don't get too cute. mm-hmm <affirmative>- Because you can always get dragged too. Don't nobody feel sorry for you no more. She been dead. That's first. Secondly, as I said, if you're going to like dive into a topic that you know to be a serious, even if you felt like it was okay when you were a kid, if you were that shelter in your little Caucasian bubble bitch, you know today we don't see it. So if you're going to touch on a topic like that, don't be trying to breeze over it and act like there's nothing wrong with it. And everybody's bugging about it. Sitting in front of three other white faces. Weirdo. Next, sweetie. Here's the thing, to me- Tell her. Racists aren't always hateful. And racist, aren't always just ignorant. A lot of racist people are just lazy. Because you motherfuckers like, you know where a lot of these boundaries are, you know where a lot of these lines are, you claim to have nothing against black people, or trans people, or gay people, or women, or Asian people, or whatever. But you consistently find yourself in places where you are offending people or pissing people off because you never make the effort to understand. It's what? Like it doesn't matter if I'm like, yeah, I don't have a problem. I feel like trans people should be able to go to the bathroom wherever they want. Oh my god. I'm just so, like I'm totally an ally. So progressive you guys. If you like, make literally no effort to listen to actual people in that community. Why certain things, uh, trigger us. Why certain things are offensive and then actually take what you learn and apply it to your behavior. You might as well just stand up with the rest of the racist and say, hey, me too. I'm right here, bitch, because you're going to constantly find yourself getting dragged, sweetie. You either never gave a fuck about the topic of black face or you were raised by people who were lazy and ignorant and never gave a fuck because you, I would assume that you, you know, you are one of these white people who, you know, I don't have anything against the blacks. I love the blacks. <laugh> The blacks. Right? So maybe your mommy or daddy or guardians your whoever, your mema, and then they never really like really hated black people, but they definitely never talked about why black face was wrong. And niggas right in black face on Halloween in the seventies in the eighties. It was never a topic. I feel like for the past couple Halloween's on this show, we've just had the obligatory, hey girls. So in fact I was gonna do it today! Because this will be the last episode before Halloween. Yes. So we always are like, Hey, quick white reminder. <laugh> Before you put on your Luke Cage or your Wakanda outfit or whatever bitch. Oh my god. You don't not, you don't need to put on any Fenty Beauty. Right. Like you don't have to do, You don't have to put no dark foundation, you don't have to any of that. Yes. In fact, bitch, if you feel like you needed to put on makeup in order for us to know what you are, the outfits trash put something else on. Yes. You have had countless examples of people, white and other colors who have dressed up as characters or people of a different race without putting makeup on. And we didn't have to question. We immediately looked at them and it's like, oh, you're fucking this person or you're that person or whatever. Right Like we always talk about how Miley Cyrus, you know, before she- A miss. Yeah she's gone now. Drifted off when she was Nicki Minaj or lil Kim. That was a really good- You know what I'm saying? Yes. Those were good costumes that don't require black face. So, what- Like your baby can dress up as Shuri or Nakia, or Okoye, but do not put brown makeup on them. Exactly! Look it's not that hard! Just let her put on the Dora Milaje outfit and take her little spear and let her go about her damn way. And you're saving money, because you don't have to buy this makeup that you're not gonna use for any other- You're going to use once and then throw away. You, like. So, the fact that we have said this, not us specifically our only ass, but just black people- For so long. Who care for just so, so long. For so long. And you a 48 year old white woman sitting here like, Oh, I just thought- It just proves that y'all don't listen to anything. Yes. That we say when we talk about this shit. And then you get confused when we're frustrated, when we get upset, when we're angry, when we kneel, when we talk about all of this shit, all of the time. You act like you mad tired. Well then listen bitch! Like open up your ears and pay some fucking attention. And make a difference in costs you nothing. Nothing. Yes. So, I, I- Ugh. The last thing I want to say is that I really did not like how she tried to make it like a, a black face, white face thing because more, more than once when she talked about black face, she referenced the white face as well. Oh god. As if to say that there is any sort of equality in offense as far as a white person painting themselves black and a black person painting themselves white. Once again, black people have told you all the stories of what you bitches have done to us and where black face came from how it started and why it's wrong. You may read any book. Hey now. You can just google black face and read! And read! Yeah. What? Uhhh. You can't say that it wasn't a big deal when you were a kid. You and your people just didn't give a fuck. And maybe you still don't. And old habits die hard, bitch. But bitch my, I have black family who grew up in the seventies and I can tell you for a fact that at no point- Megyn, If they caught yo ass out on the street. And my momma and them seen you. In 1976 or whatever- It would've been <inaudible>, bitch. You would've found out quick. It wasn't okay. You wouldn't went on the north side lookin like that. The fuck you talkin about. You dizzy as fuck. I heard Al Rooker's fuming. Psh. I know Al is like, really? Another day? I want her gone. Ya'll better leave Al alone. Okay. Shit. Al Rooker was not on multiple episodes of the proud family for him to be dealing with this bullshit. <laugh> So, that's it. For Megyn Kelly, and I just don't. The plight of black people in this country and not in the country, I mean to say the world of like all of the shit that we have to deal with just simply being black and existing. mm-hmm <affirmative> but pile on top of that of us saying these things all of the time and having to repeat it. Right. Like anybody with a parent like I'm sure you've had a moment where your parent at some point in your life explained to you how pissed it made them to have to say something more than once to yo ass. Like I know many of you Caucasian people probably didn't get a switch to your ass for having to be told twice or three times to do something. But at the very least somebody raised their voice in the house after the third time that they had to tell you to turn off the Nintendo. God dammit Hana. Or get in the fucking bed or whatever, Hana. Told yo ass. So like, imagine niggas having, for hundreds of years, to have the same fucking thing. Over and over. Over and over. We do this every year and still on Halloween. Some white person will think it's funny and post on Instagram how they put on the, they T'Challa face. Right. Or, I don't know. And the guy on the panel. Somebody else. The guy on the panel said something like, you know, I, you know, love, freedom of speech in America, blah blah blah blah blah. And he feels like you, if you do- Basically, if you do dress up like a moron, you have to be willing to take the criticism and you know, what comes along with it or whatever. But people should still be free to dress up like a morons. You are. And I'm like, right, okay. So wear your black face. Right. But when you get dragged, don't come on the next episode of your show and be like, I just want to say two words. I am sorry. Like, don't- You're not sorry. Stand up in your racism. When you get dragged for it to be like, yeah, I really wanted to do it, I don't give a fuck. At least that. You're knocking on the door at 50 and one to tell me you didn't understand black face bitch please. Bitch please. Shut. The. Fuck. Up. Megyn Kelly is garbage. I can't believe that show is still on. Who even watches it? I didn't even know that she was still a thing. Yeah. Remember because Donald Trump says something mean to her one time or something. Oh right. And that's why we all know who she is now. There we go. Remember when she said Santa and Jesus were white. So if you in your feelings about it, you need to get over it. Yeah I do remember that. Fuck Megyn Kelly. I do remember that. Garbage ass bitch. What fucking dumb ass. Like- I saw that clip, like some people don't even have time. Why are y'all even talking about blackface with no black people? The blackest face, on camera, was the random lady in the audience who's sitting right over her shoulder. Who was making all kinds of very strong expressives, expressions. Like, what world. And I saw one black lady in the audience who was like, I'm not clapping. I'm not doing nothing for this. Y'all not going to catch me. In fact, I don't even know why I'm here. Right. To be honest with you. We was in town on vacation and we just got some tickets, but. Oh No, you got me fucked up. Girl get a grip. You're a fucking dumb ass. I can't wait to never see you again. Hey Man. Is that it? Yup. Okay. My read this week, goes out to Ms Theodree Carruth, if you don't know who that is, she is the mother of Ray Carruth. Ray has spent the past 19 years in prison. Work. For the murder of his baby Mama, ah, who was seven months pregnant at the time. Thankfully she did not die instantly. She was able to call 911, and got to the hospital, which is the only reason her son's life was spared. But she did pass away a few weeks after that. It's very weird for me to remember this story clearly. And to now see Ray Carruth getting out of prison. Because I just feel like 19 years is not long enough for the murder of your baby Mama. Yeah. I just feel like it isn't. But anyway, her ruth is out of jail now. A lot of us are very disgusted about it, but uh, his son. Uh, how do I say this? So, uh, after his mother was shot, he was losing blood and oxygen in the room. And so now he has, I think some, developmental disabilities, that sort of thing going on that he, you know, deals with. It's his life. His grandmother, his mothers, mother obviously raised him. Psh. Can't believe this nigga got out of prison. Theodree is giving interviews. First of all, she's very excited- Why? Because her son's is finally getting out. She says it's a joy she can't put into words. It's real. It's true, and it's going to happen, all this time I've just wondered why me? Why my son? Because your, I'm sorry. I'm Sorry. Sis. Because your son set up a hit on his baby mama. That's why him. Had he just paid his fucking child support. Like every other nigga, who's out here raw dogging and getting girls pregnant. Then he would not have spent the past 20 years in jail, would not have lost, you know, Can't really <crosstalk> Obviously his career and all his money. I'm sure his in his defense ate up any dime he had. So, however that is not what pissed me off about the Theodree. I actually do expect most mothers to be excited for they kids to get out of jail regardless of what their kids did. However, she went on to say how upset she is at her grandson's other grandmother. Because he suffers from cerebral palsy. Now after his mother was shot four times, and so she's saying how over the past several years she's gone to court four different times to try to get joint custody and that she was tried as Rey Carruth and not the Theodree, and people have been judging her and she's not allowed to have a relationship with her grandson. Because his grandmother is being inconsiderate and won't let her see him or have custody and, you know, she has been sentenced too. And all other shit. And I'm just like, okay, so hold on, hold on girl. How come- Because she. Because she then said, we're older now. We're grandmothers. This boy has only heard one side of what happened. He's never heard from his father, and I think he's owed that as a young man. Did- But didn't. Girl. I hate. Hmm. Okay. Your grandson. Chancellor could have had so many opportunities to hear from his father. He could have heard so many sides of the story he could have learned from his father, spent quality time, had his daddy not shot and killed his mother while he was in Utero. You see how it always comes back to that? You see how Ray's own actions contributed to him not having a relationship with his son? I can't say that I would want to get to know the nigga who took my mama from me before I could even get to know her. I cannot say that I would ever \want.\\\ Probably wouldn't be interested. To be in your life. Right. He's 19 years old at this point. He can make his own decision about whether he wants to see his. Sorry ass daddy and I think a few months ago his grandma slash caregiver said we're actually not interested. She was going to take him up to the jail and then I guess he didn't want to go no more so they didn't go no more. There you go. And that was all there is to that. That's all I needed to hear. I don't give a fuck about him only quote, hearing one side of the story. When your side of the story is, my son murdered your Mama and caused the disability that you have. Now I'm not even trying to do like a whole pity him because he's disabled sort of thing because I don't think disabled people live pitiful lives. Right. I don't think that, but this child was robbed of so many opportunities and the chance to know his own fucking Mama because of your son's actions. So then turn around and be like, I don't understand why you would want to keep him from me. What's the big deal? Bitch are you joking? That baby could have died, he could have very easily, and I'm sure that was actually Ray's goal. So don't tell me about how he wishes he had a relationship with his son, and he, now people are talking about, there was a rumor coming out when he was getting out of jail that he was going to try to get custody. But I don't know how you can get of a 19 year old I guess he just wants to have a relationship with this boy, but it's like you're. You're really pushing it. Tough tits. Because you tried to kill me. Remember when you killed the thing. I was inside, that living, breathing being I was inside of. Child. Remember when you killed her and I was depending on her for oxygen and blood, so my shit cut off. You remember that? You remember how you did that? How is anybody acting like Ray Carruth is someone to be sympathized or empathized with in this. I just- You do not deserve a relationship with your son, you deserve to never see that boy again because you tried to take him off this earth. You deserve to never ever get to know him and what sort of person he is. You deserve that. You truly do. You deserve a lot worse. And I- You deserve to still be in jail, I can't believe Ray Carruth is out. Right. Like what the fuck? Like, you should honestly just take that and run with it. Ray Carruth should just honestly call on Jesus. If he picks up- He should just be glad he's out. And talk it out with him. Go live your life somewhere. You know, in the sticks. You know very quietly. Don't join Instagram or anything else. Just leave us alone. And your momma too. And move on with your life. Your mother as well, please. Your mother especially. Because I don't. I don't care. If the boy does not want to get to know you. Doesn't want to see. Didn't want to be there when you got out of jail. Then he does- He just doesn't have too. He just don't have too. I hate when they interviewing like these, like these killers and terrorists and their momma's and stuff like that. Because of course a lot of these people are going to be sympathetic because their kid, but bitch, I'm not going to sympathize with you. Yeah. Like feel those things in private. Right. I don't care. I'm not going to feel bad for your kid. No. I'm not going to feel bad for you sis, like. I'm not. I'm, just go away, honestly. I don't have nothing nice to say, but what- Like I don't. Yeah, I don't understand what's confusing. Right. Well, so the boy's grandma said that she forgave Ray Carruth a long time ago because. She had time. Because, well, she did. And also that, you know, sitting in the unforgiveness was poisoning her. I'm sure. And not him and all that. So. But I can't, I understand not being able to have a relationship with somebody who can't even acknowledge the harm that they did. Right. At no point over the past 20 years has Ray Carruth said, you know what? I did it. It's not some drug deal gone bad because that was, that was the original story that he backed out of a drug deal. So his baby mama got shot as like retribution sort of thing. Right. Okay, so somebody else did you that, quote unquote favor really? Because that just don't make sense Ray Carruth. It don't. So I don't blame this boy for being like, hey, you have actually never admitted the thing that you did. So why would I- Like, that's the very basics of what you have to do in order to ask for forgiveness and repair or build a relationship with somebody. Clearly he don't need you over 19. If you can't even acknowledge what you did, then we literally have nothing to talk about. Fuck right Ray Carruth and fuck his dusty ass momma too. Like bitch, I get that show baby and you glad that he's out of jail, but the rest of us don't have to give a fuck about your arrogant ass son. We don't and don't and don't. The fact that that baby lived and has a relationship with his grandma, I know is the joy of her life. Because I can't even fathom my daughter being pregnant, and you so, this such an exciting time in her life and she wants to have this baby. Right, how do you even mention me bitch? And here your selfish ass go, thinking about a check. How dare you even talk about me bitch. Where your check go when you was in the prison- where'd your check go when yous in federal prison for 19 years. How did that work out for you, you dumb ass bitch. I'd have my attorney send a letter that just says keep my name out your mouth. And he talked about there's nothing I can ever say or do to right my wrongs because y'all don't always consider me the bad guy. We don't care. You- You are! Because you're the god damn bad guy, nigga! You're a murderer. You literally had this woman shot. I don't get it. What are you talking about. Like- People are so… It's wild to me how niggas be like, how you, how you just going to be mad at me for doing you wrong? Like, what? I'ma just go it. Just like that. Straight like that you dumb ass. I'm sorry. What? You must think I misinternered you. Alright, well on that note I'm done with my read. That is going to wrap up this week's episode of The Read. Check us out on social media at. This Is The Read. Our website is Thisistheread.com. Ah, Thank you so much to everybody who came out to our live show in Philly on Sunday. Yeah, and the two ladies that hit on Crissle. Okay, so one of them didn't. She said she just had a question and she asked it awkwardly and it came out like that. But then the woman did. Oh. Yeah, I don't. It doesn't matter, Um. We will be in Queens at the Work It festival on November 13th. Tickets to that and the rest of our shows in Nashville, Denver, Seattle, and Miami are available at thereadlive.com Kid Fury, any news this week? Um. Trilloween. Just a few. Well technically Trilloween is tomorrow in New York City. Oh my God it is. When, by the time this comes out. Yeah. That one sold out, um. As you do, you know. If you would like to come to Trilloween in Los Angeles on Sunday, the 28th, there are still some tickets available for that on Trilloween.com. Um. I'm not sure if we're gonna do tickets at the door, but I'll definitely keep you all posted. I think it's a no, but I will check. Okay. Um, mentioned the WNYC thing yet? Yes. Yep. The WNYC thing at uh, right, at the knockdown center in Queens. In Queens. I don't think we have. Is that- Do we have an acronym or are we done with news this week? I feel like we're missing something. What are we missing? Oh, don't forget to take your ass out and vote. Oh yeah. My acronym is V O T E. Vote or- Very over Trump's era. Very over, okay. Oh, I see what you did. Because the acronym is vote. Okay. Yeah. I got you nigga. Please go. Go vote. Have a voting party. I don't care if like- Take people with you. You know, I was gonna say pregame, but post-game. Oh yeah. Don't get drunk beforehand. Like, vote with the anticipation that you're going to get fucked up as a group afterwards. Like whatever it takes to get everybody out. Yes, but be sober when you go so that she makes sure you pull the levers in the right direction. Yes. Right. <laugh> I was just, just whatever it takes, bitch, get your ass up and go out there. We're tired. Yes. We're dying. Even though Republicans may very well steal the election, especially in Georgia, we see what's happening. You sons of bitches. We see it. Yeah, it wouldn't be the first time. They really don't want my- They really don't want my girl Stacy to win. They really don't want somebody for the people out here. Yeah, they hate her. But yes, please. If you are in a- If you have- Just please y'all. Please look at the world. Look at what we're- Look at what we're living with. You have to, just- Everything is trash. Don't fall under the idea that you can't make a difference or does it make a difference or, ah, the world is shit anyway. It's not going to matter. Or oh they're gunna- Right. Even though everything is super overwhelming. Yeah. And it can feel that way. I get it. Like I overstand. I get it and I'm still going to vote. But I'm still going to vote. In fact, I'm going to vote in Florida. Yes. That almost makes me wish I kept my registration in Oklahoma just so I could kinda make a blue vote. Oh I knew we needed it. You know, I really don't feel like my- Well but you know what? You never know. Oklahoma is kind of starting to get bluish. I think they just legalized medicinal marijuana. I think. What! Yeah. C'mon progress. Maybe, maybe. It would be a miracle, but I just hope, you know, I hope everybody is tired of this shit. I hope we're all over it, but anyway, uh. Well yeah I'm going to go take my ass down to. Yes. The penis state. Go vote for my nigga Andrew. Oh my God. I was watching the debate the other day where he was like, I'm not calling your man racist. I'm just saying racists think he's racist. <laugh> I was like, yoo. Black people are everything, and we will see y'all next week. Bye. 