Welcome back to another episode of Podcast in Color the Podcast. This is <unk:Bailey> lover of Podcast am just pumping these last few episodes out. I can't say there'll be a schedule, I can say that the episode will mean something to me, I will be talking to just, to somebody I want to talk to and there will be the number of episodes I wanted <laugh> to last this podcast through December of this year. Podcast history was made the other day with Joe Biden's podcasts. They traded a few different terms on twitter last Wednesday when the podcast dropped in. That was like from the morning drops throughout most of the day. I love the point that Crystal made on the read on like who even cares about the situation because the shade room posted about it when the girl was still pregnant and <laugh> had her baby shower, so really hearing about it after the baby dropped was everyone playing a game of telephone and almost proof that like men gossip more than they want to say they do because that's what all this situation <laugh> really is. The trend were big for that podcast and for Spotify because Spotify was the only platform that people could play it on, I believe it was for the first 48 hours and then it's uploaded on youtube and you can watch on youtube or listening on Spotify. So, pretty big to trends and subjects and only be on one podcast service and for that service to be Spotify, um, that was kind of big for all of them. So I kind of wonder, are they getting the numbers they have before when they were on more platform? Um, you know, did this like trending and things help people go over to Spotify to listen to Joe Biden not wait until youtube. Lots of questions, I wish we could see podcast data on. I'll be in Atlanta for my leeks live shows in November. Am planning a podcast meetup right now that will be with dr Joy of therapy for black girls. Right now, we're trying to make it on the evening of November the 14th and I will put out more information as I get it, most likely in the next episode, I'll confirm to you a few more details for that meetup if you're in Atlanta and want to join or if you're close to Atlanta and you want to come up and meet me or dr Joy and other podcasting people. If you didn't hear about this, um, I post every other week, so I'll be doing it this week. Um, jobs, internships and fellowships that people might be interested in that follow me. So anyone working in podcasting, wanting to work in podcasting, I post those things so you can find it. One of the things I posted the… almost two weeks ago was Spotify, opened up a summer internship for their podcasting department for next year and the applications are due pretty soon and it's for people that are in college and I said Sophomores, juniors or seniors and it is a paid internship. So I will link that in the episode notes. Um, if it's something you're looking for or if you know someone that is in college right now that's close to that area, that would love that job. Spotify treats their people right, So if there was an internship to have, I would say this is a great internship to have because you will come away with things and come away with some of the networking you can do just being in a Spotify building and all the dope people that work there. So I will post that internship in the show notes for more information and the applications for that are due soon. They have a whole process about it, so not something you want to wait on. I just updated my events page, um, am podcastsincolor.com. I'll link it in the show notes. If you Google podcasts and color events, it's usually the first link that comes up and that's where I put any podcast festivals, conferences, things like that I hear about a podcast meetups and the biggest list on there is podcast live shows and that's podcast live shows everywhere. So I have light shows from London, from New York. I know there's from Dallas, Texas. I'm all over the United States in London are mostly where I was seeing live shows. So those are the ones I posted. If you're having a podcast live show or a podcast event, please feel free to email me the information with a link so I can link back to it. I wanted to mention the events page because I was noticing when I added, um, events this time, there's Levar Burton Reads all kinds of people, um, he's doing shows a few different places. I think am gonna try to catch Levar Burton Reads when it's in Atlanta because I'll be in Atlanta, but there is a free show being done by Last Name Basis in Brooklyn at BRIC media. Really wish I could be there <laugh> and it's on the same night as the Levar Burton show in Atlanta on November the 14th. And Hey Fran Hey, he's gonna be the guest. You have to RSVP to get in free, and I'll link that in the episode notes. So if you're looking for something for you do, I love free events? So like whenever I'm in New York, am just happening from one event to the next <laugh>. I always go. So if you're looking for a live show, you're looking for something fun? it's gonna be with Franchesca Ramsey and her husband, the hosts of Last Name Basis and Hey Fran Hey will be their guests. So <inaudible> jay is on Latinos Who Lunch and that was last week's episode. I'll link it in the episode notes. I haven't got a chance to check it out yet, but I know it's going to be greatness like they're both faith podcast, so can't wait to see the conversation that they have. Um, that was one of the top five there, five mentioned on his episode of Podcast in color the podcast. He also mentioned Grizzly Kiki as one of his top five, I believe. I know it was on his subscribe list and he's a guest on Grizzly Kiki and I listened to that last week. It was a two hour episode, but it was filled with such good information and the different things they covered, like it didn't feel like two hours. It felt like an hour, like I thought, oh my gosh, I'm probably going to stop this a million times and by the end I was like, oh wow, it's almost done. So a great episodes to check out and I'll link that in the episode notes. I hope you enjoy the episode today. It is with Ayhiana Angel and she started her own podcast network called Amazing media and we talk about that in the podcast that she has on her network, which would be switch Pivot Or Quit, and also Emily and I hope you enjoy this interview. Thank you Ahyiana for joining me today, and I know of you previously from switch Pivot or quit your podcast and I've seen you written up a few different places. Like more than I'm saying most podcasts written up like Forbes. Um and it's just other big articles where I'm like, okay, she's working. <laugh>. Um, and then most recently you started your own podcast network with one podcast. Well, two Podcasts, your Switch Pivot Or Quit and then Emily on that, correct? Yes, yes. Thank you for having me. Am excited to chat. Oh, no problem. Okay. So I like to start with social media because I feel like starting at the beginning of an interview, like maybe people will engage more or be able to look at things while you're talking. I'm. So where can people find you with social media networks? And what do you use? Uh, I am mostly on Instagram and on Instagram you can follow the network at Mayzie media and that's M-A-Y-Z-I-E media and I'm on Instagram. Am also there and I engage a lot more on the switch Pivot or quit Instagram and that's just at Switch Pivot Or Quit. And then my personal is Ahyiana Angel, um, but mmh, I don't know, that's not the best place to hang out with me, namely Switch Pivot or Quit. I'll say you're on Switch Pivot or Quit, at least I'll follow the um, uh, the Mayzie media one now. But like I see you on that one a lot on lives and then I do stories and things like that so. Exactly. <laugh> I want to get your life, but from personal, that's how I feel. I don't even really mentioned my personal. <unk:chuckles> um, it counts Yeah, you know, if personal is just kind of there as a formality and it. And there's a lot of people that I know, you know what I mean? That aren't really engaged with like the Podcast world and everything that I'm doing. So I just kinda try and keep that one up as just like, I don't know <crosstalk> Exactly. Like to me it's like friends and family that aren't really going to care about the Podcast things or like Exactly. If I like their posts, you know, there like, why is she liking? What is this? Yes, yes. <unk:chuckles>, Yeah, it's a whole different world <laugh>, Right, right, right. Um, what, uh, Podcast apps or I should say, do you have your… out your phone? I do. Okay. What podcasts apps do you use? Okay. So I'm probably pretty lame because I don't really use a lot of things that I guess I will consider podcast apps. Okay. Um, but some apps that I use… that I use that help me with podcasting, I use inshot, um, because that helps me with the… It's like an editor type of situation, video editing, photo editing and that helps me put together like Instagram related things based off of the podcast, Like if I wanna do like a little clip or something like that, I use that. Um, and I use… What else do I use? Um, I have like a stitcher and stuff on my phone. I have this other app called Unfold, which helps me with Instagram stories. It just makes your Instagram stories look pretty and like, um, I guess like have a, a clean, consistent format. Mmh. Um, like I said, yeah, I have the stitcher APP. Um, I… What else do I have? I, I have an iphone so I have my podcast App. <laugh> <unk:chuckles> And um, and I have PodBean on my phone, but I don't really have like a lot of… I use my computer a whole hell of a lot. So I, I do like things like wave and stuff like that to do the audio grams. I use that. I use that on the computer? Mmh, Um, so yeah, I do a lot of stuff on the computer. I use Canva for a lot of my podcasts, graphics and whatnot. Yes. I use a couple of things you did, but I'm going to have to check out some of those other things. Yeah, Um, so what podcasts are you subscribed to? Oh, okay. So this question is always funny when people ask about the podcast I listened to because this is the thing about me, I don't really listen to podcasts that are sort of in my similar space, if you will, because I don't want to be influenced by other people. And when I listen and I hear things that we do similar, I'm like, Oh man, I wish I wouldn't have heard that, you know, cause now it makes me feel like, oh I want to change it up or whatever. So the podcasts that I usually listen to and the ones that I like to tell other people about are things that they're probably, they're probably won't necessarily be on their radar. So one that I definitely listened to regularly. It's Robin Sharma, his mastery sessions. He's like uh, um, he, he actually made a Switch Pivot Or Quit. He's like a success coach type of guy, but he has just like a wealth of knowledge and information. His delivery is very soothing and it's just like, it's good stuff to keep you up on your game. Especially in terms of your personal development. Um, there's another one called Noego. I like that one. That one's not… That's kind of off the beaten path for, I guess maybe a lot of people. Words Well Said is another one that is produced by a colleague of mine and she's a communication expert and so she has a lot of good tips about just engaging with different people in relationships and how to present yourself and speaking and all of that. And then another one that I really liked that another woman that holds this podcast support is sexy. She works super hard. She produced so many episodes and I just don't think that she gets enough credit and shine in her podcast is amazingly like put together. Like I love it. Those with mine, I appreciate it. I mean I tell people all the time, like overtime my things have changed. Um, like, at one point I didn't listen to really any comedy podcasts outside of the read. Everything else was more serious than business minded. Right. And then after the last election it was like, I couldn't listen to a lot of things that covered anything like daily or anything, so I listened to comedy podcasts because they have a whole bunch of episodes and only talk about them and their friends, like, you know, <laugh> playing around that has just like Kind of take you out there, the heaviness of everything. Yes at one point in time I couldn't name any kind of any comedy, comedy podcasts. And now I'm like, I could give you a whole <inaudible> what would you like, <laugh>. A <inaudible> in New York. <laugh> <laugh> I love that. So like I love it. Um, you know, when you can find your own path in podcasting because some people are like, I just generally listen, but when you really are connected to something, it's like, no, I like, this is what I like. Yeah. Yup. That's true. Very true. Um, let's see. And so you named a few. Outside of those, would you say you have a podcast top five? Um, I would say that I don't really, uh, because I don't know, I, um, am kind of one of those people that likes to switch around a lot <unk:chuckles>. Mh, mh. I kind of not a person that has favorites either because one day I may like rocky road ice cream, another day I may be more of uh, you know, cookies and cream kinda girl. So am not a real big favorites. Um, so I wouldn't say that I have a top five, but if, if you force me to I guess I could come up with it. <laugh> It's okay. Not Everybody has one. Like this year I've been trying to say, do I have a top five? To me it almost feels like a top 10. Um, but like we'll see how it goes, but I just try to put it out there, so I can kind of remember what am listening to or like a lot like I wish I had a way in a file, like how Spotify at the end of the year tells you all the songs you listened to or things like that. Yes. If they do that with Podcast, they'll have me for next year. Yes. So I can measure, <laugh>. The things am listening to how much. Like if they can give me that at the end of 2018 with Podcast, they have me for 2019 as a Podcast app. That's, it's that, Well, Um, <unk:chuckles> But sometimes you don't realize as how much you engage with things too, like when it shows you the music. Am like, wow, this was like in my top played, you know, and it's like, you know, you like something but you don't realize how much you're engaging with it. So, that would be dope. There was a lot of good things that they should do with Podcasting that they haven't done yet that would just make life so much easier and make people much more engaged. But you know, I mean, You know that's <inaudible> I don't know why they're not doing a Think tank like Yeah. Or like something where they're breaking creative minds together. Somebody hadn't said why don't we put these creative minds and pay them Right, and they tell us really what they think they should be happening. Right? Or what the space actually needs, especially to boast the listening and engagement from the just average listener, you know, Mh, hm. I think a lot of people feel like podcasting is sort of, um, outside of their scope. Like uh, you won't believe how many people, when I first launched my podcast, they were like, okay, so don't laugh, but how do I listen? <unk:chuckles> Like I know what a podcast is, but I've never actually listened before. So there's this, I feel like there's this, this conversion. That's the big gap. Yeah, there's this conversion that needs to happen where people don't feel like Podcasting is for this group of people who are so much more advanced than them, you know, and I think if there were ways to make it feel almost like listening to music, then people, it will be much more approachable for people. So you're right, we need to talk to somebody and they need to bring us in for this think tank They do, And we need to make it. <laugh>, I mean, you said that and I feel like I, that's what I talked to my friend Renee that's, um, one of the UK. Um, well she's in London podcasters and she's a black woman. She's doing big things. Um, had a number one podcast on the charts. It's in the UK, but it's like we were saying the same thing and I was like, I almost feel like I wish I had more money or funding or a way to figure it out because I would do an initiative where we would do that for basically, you know, starting with black podcasts Yeah, Because when you get people to know about a podcast, they start with you. You're like the nucleus of how they look for more things. Right. That's why when people find a white podcasts are like, do black podcast exists? and it's like only Mmh, hm. if you somehow break into that on somebody's podcast as a guest or something. Do people even understand there's a whole other world out there of us. I'm like, Yeah. Once people, it's like when I'm talking to different people about starting a podcast and always talking about exactly what you just said in your friend saying, how do I listen? I was like, Mh hm, That is a big gap, like people don't want to ask and that's what I'm talking about different podcast apps all the time or like what people might be looking for in a podcast app because it's complicated and it's like you don't want to have to get home and figure out the 10 steps somebody was trying to tell you <unk:chuckles> of how to listen. Hey, And I'm like, I've done this with my aunt that is like in her seventies. And I was like, once I figured out that she works Spotify fine. I was like, oh, that's where you listen to podcasts now? Yes. Like apple podcast didn't work for us. Yes, yes. We tried different things. <laugh>. The up next always happened with her and she was like, I don't want to play that. It was just, it was a thing. Mh, hm, And I was like, but we figured out Spotify and it became like, oh, Podcasts, you know, like it's easy Right, yeah, And as was like, but it takes time not work. Like how does it work with this person or what does this person. When I listened to a Podcast about like how you have a Podcast about one thing, but what you want to listen to you isn't necessarily in that same field. So- Right, right, you know, it's just a whole world. <laugh> It is, it is. And it's a, it's a, it's another thing about discovery too, you know, you might find one podcast that you really liked but you keep going back to that one because you don't really know how to discover anything else. I mean think about the Times that you've used like a different app or something like that and you're trying to navigate through it and you're like, I don't really know what my options are. Like this app sounded like a really good app and that's why I downloaded it. But what can I do with that? I don't even know where to start. I'm scared to press a button because I missed something. <laugh> I don't want to delete it. I don't want to do this. Yeah, yeah, and I think that's how sometimes people feel, and you know, it's so crazy too. I was looking at these stats that um, this… I forgot I had emailed it to myself and it was somebody had put it together and they were basically saying like, talking about the amount of downloads that um, an average show has and they were just saying how <unk:coughs>. He was like if you're doing like a thousand downloads or 2000 or anywhere from like let's say a thousand to 10 thousand an episode, like you're above average and you're doing really, really well because that's not the average. And so you think about it if, if those are that not the average kind of numbers that you think about what every other podcasts is probably doing and you're like, okay, so it's really hard for people to get discovered. Yeah. You know, it's like you're creating all this content, but who knows that you're there if they're not within your little nucleus and it's hard to break outside of that, so yeah, I think if there were some social ways to engage more, Mh, It would make this whole like producing podcasts life 10 times easier. And that's why I want to just jump into this real quick. Okay, Am not trying to take over your interview, Yeah, fine. <laugh>, <laugh> but you know, like when I first started podcasting I noticed that there was a lack of representation for people of Color, black people, everything in this space, Mmh, hm. And so that's when I created this directory only to find out that you had a whole entire robust directory and I was so happy when I finally figured that out and found out about it because I was like, okay, somebody sees the same thing that I see. There was something missing here and we need a way to discover each other and if it wasn't there, you know, what are you supposed to then do? And so that's why I was so happy to find out, find out that you created something because it's like you see something missing and you're like, hey, this is my contribution to helping this, this genre go a little bit further. You know, so Kudos to you. <laugh> <laugh> Thank you. Thank you. And Kudos to you because it takes different people doing it. Like it takes different people bringing people in, you know, Yeah, finding a different list, you know, when Google or Mh hm, something that somebody randomly shares on face book and then I would say it's like, Oh okay, there's Podcasts- Right. On this list I've never heard of and it's like we're not put on the regular list. We have to fight for like one space on a regular list. Like we don't have podcasts about anything. Like even this morning I was just tweeting about like somebody said we need more than the entertainment podcasts and am like, there is more than entertainment podcasts, but, Mh hm, when they won't… like a network on necessarily want to deal with you on hosting a podcast too, you're like 203 thousand, you know, like followers in like now you're not necessarily gonna have that if you're talking about business or like you know you're just starting out or but you have the knowledge of what you should be talking about. But is anybody looking for too you for that? So <unk:chuckles> Yeah.exactly. It's just like it's a whole world that I understand and like people talk about it and I'm like, I've been to so many different podcasts. Conferences. Like, I could give you an in depth thing on things that are wrong and I try not to talk about that anymore because I feel like Yeah. we really wanted to know, you could research that yourself. <laugh> <laugh> It just is like, I don't… That's why I was telling people I would like to do my own conference or like, you know, Yes. Other events because we don't have to be only 70 people and 12 hundred people at a conference or something. Like, Mmh, We're way more than that, um, like they're building a list, uh, from third coast. There was a speech that happened and now they're building a list that's going to be like a directory. So if you want to work in podcasting, in your PLC. Mmh, So producers host anything like that, so it can be seen because when they go to hire at a big company, they'll act, Yeah, Like they really only see a field of white people. And it's like, now we know we're out here. Yeah. Like we're all friends, especially in New York. Like they've made a point of linking up like, oh, I see you, hey, you're a producer. Mh hm, Where, okay, am here. Hey, let's, you know, link up, email me so you can know this other person and things like that Yes. Because it's the only way we're being known is like really putting your friend on or saying like, no, here's my list of women <laugh> that I know can do- Mh, hm. This, they aren't them, you know, Yeah. That's true. So it's, it's, it's a whole world that we're building. And I was like, I thought we weren't going to have to do this, but it feels like we're really gonna have to go even further with this. Like they're not going to just include, Yup, Us. <laugh>, You better know it, yeah, yeah. You gotta make your mark. Um, in talking about that, um, in saying, you know, to make your mark. Um, I wanna talk about your Podcast networks. So what made you want to start a network of podcasts, pass your own podcast? Well, it was two fold. There was obviously this lack of representation that I noticed from the beginning and just like you said, instead of complaining about it instead of, you know, feeling like why and looking for somebody to give me and my peers opportunities, I was like, you know, what, why don't you just be a part of the solution, like create your own. There's nothing stopping you from creating your own and giving opportunities, you know, and, and, and really shining a light on programming that could do just as well as the other less a mainstream programming if given an opportunity. Mh hm, You know. So it was that. And then I also had so many different breakout, series, ideas based off of the Switch Pivot Or Quit podcasts. It started with the, with the show Emily. So I was gonna do Emilly as a series, you know, within the Switch Pivot Or Quit Podcasts. And I, I started compiling some people that want to interview and all this stuff and then it just kind of dawned on me like, this needs to be a show on its own, and then I just was having all these ideas of programming that I wanted to do outside of what I was already doing. And it just really seemed like this needs to happen, like I need to make this a full fledged thing. And I really did toy with the idea for a while before I finally said, okay, I'm gonna push, go on this and I'm gonna really start working toward making this a reality because it was an intimidating thing. You know, you see like you said, you see all these major networks, you know, in the news and those are, those are the things that people have the eyeballs on. So it feels quite intimidating to enter a space and trying to even think that you're going to somewhat compete with what the major networks are doing, when they have funding and all of these other things. Mh, hm. But at the same time I said, you know what, you've never let anything else stop you. You know, I, I got my book, my very, my very first Debut novel, novel traditionally published with no experience. I didn't know anybody in the publishing industry. I didn't have any connections, I didn't have any experience, I didn't have a family member to hook me up, none of that, but I got it traditionally published and that was my goal and, and I got it and I got that deal within four months of leaving from my, you know, traditional 95 type job. And so I'm like, if you could do that when you put your mind to something, you can do whatever the heck you want to do. So just do it. Just try. <unk:chuckles>. What's the worst that's gonna happen, you know what I mean? And so I just, I was like, I'm doing this and I just started putting the pieces together and I'm still putting the pieces together honestly. Um, I love that the Podcast is focused on women. Um, and I use the directory to you, directory you have, let's focus on women too. Is there anything that makes you like, is what you're doing kind of for women or like about women's that your goal in, in this? Yes. Absolutely. And you know why? Because not only did I, I noticed that there was a lack of representation of people of color and black people. It was also, there was a lack of representation with women, you know, and, and I, and so many women kept tagging me on posts on Instagram, mainly where other people were asking for podcasts led by women. And then I was having this conversation with a young lady who was just talking about, she's like, you know, I found your Podcast at the perfect time. And I just felt like, you know, I was just going to scream, like if I had to hear one more middle aged white men telling me that the answer to all of our problems was a green juice and waking up earlier in the morning, you know, and if she wasn't the first person to say that, and then I've gotten, you know, um, added on tweets where people are saying the same thing. So I was just Like, you know, what, I want to be a part of creating, um, a space where our voices really matter. You know, because like a lot of things are heavily white male dominated. We know that, Mh hm, so what in this whole like… I guess you could say atmosphere right now where we're really taking command of our voices as women, we're really showing up in different ways, We're really saying, hey, we're here. We want to be respected, like you're not, actually, it's not just that we wanna be respected, you're going to respect us, you know? So I think that a lot of the climate that we're in is very powerful and so I wanted to also be a part of that within my own way, you know, within sort of like this Podcasting space because I didn't really see it happening. I know that there's Like a handful of other producers that um, specifically sort of like cater to women, but you don't see a lot of people trying to make a big splash and a big mark and cater to just female led programming. Mh. I like it. I mean, I understand it. I'm always trying to talk about more women. Mmh hm, I try to recommend that when people asked me for Podcast, <laugh>, <laugh>. Its usually podcasts by women, like listen to a woman, how about that? Yeah, <laugh>, You got a better chance, like I feel like even the worst woman is gonna be better than <unk:_laughs> <laugh>, Some of these I mean bad guys, Yes. Um, but you've also… I listened to an episode of a million, to bring one of the questions you asked that guest, um, what were some of the steps if someone wanted to follow the things you did, what were some of the steps you decided when you went into create your own network? Um, where you said like, these are the things I'm going to do to make sure it happens. So the first thing that I did was um, I said okay, I gotta pick a name that I, I really think resonates with me, the potential audience and, um, so that was very challenging. And, and that was just kind of like my first order of business because I felt like I can't do anything if I don't have a name, Mmh, you know, Mmh hm, So that was challenging, but I came up with Mayzie media, uh, because like this journey that we're on, you know, just living life is very complex at times, you know, and I liken it to uh Mayze. Sometimes you gotta go left, sometimes you gotta go right, but you don't always know which way's the right way that's gonna get you to this end point, the end of that Mayze and for a lot of us, the end of that Mayze is sort of like this feeling of success or accomplishment, you know, like I lived a life that was worth low. And so I wanted to create a network that could accompany people on that journey so that could speak to different issues that they're having shows that could speak to different issues that they're having, whether it be with child rearing and being a new mom and, or it's entertaining you along, you know, a hectic day or it's pouring into your personal professional development, um, or it's helping you to enhance your lifestyle to be a better you. Um, with maybe like your eating or your fitness or whatever. So I wanted to create a network that could speak to all of those things. The programming could speak to all those things because our lives are like a Mayze. And so that's where I came up with Mayzie because your life is kind of mayzie sometimes left, right? Who knows? <unk:chuckles>. And so once I came up with that, I was like, okay, now It's all… everything's a go, all systems go. So the first thing that I did after I picked the name was I'm obviously secured all of my URLs, social, all of that kind of stuff. And then I went and found a designer, and I hired a designer to create like the logo, the mood board, like the, um, the branding colors, all of that kind of stuff. And that was a process. But, but, you know, to be honest, that was the first time that I really hired a designer to execute those types of things for me, Like everything else that I've done before, it's usually me, you know, everything with switch pivot or Quit, all the graphics, everything, I do, everything myself. But this time I was like, I want this to be, you know, a little bit different. So I, I want, I wanted other hands to touch it. So I hired a designer. I'm in the midst of all of that. I started uh, I created like licensed robust business plan. Let me say that actually that was probably in between… that was the early stages after I picked the name… actually, it was at the same time I was picking the name and um, and I went through the whole designer phase and everything like that. And that, that business plan was so crucial because it helped me to really think through all the aspects of what this was going to look like, including growth, what this could potentially look like? And um, and so once I created that business plan and really flushed it out and the, the um, the designer that… all that stuff was wrapping up around the same time. I was also simultaneously building the content, you know, I had in the business plan, I have like three tiers of different shows that are gonna roll out at different points in time and sort of like what they're going to look like? what the names of the shows are? all of that stuff. And um, and I started, I had to decide what shows are going to come first. And I started picking the shows that are going to come first, um, started selecting the talent, pitching people for, for a show like Emilly has a pitch. I had to pitch about maybe a quarter of the guests and then the rest of them came to me or maybe I already knew them. Mmh, So, um, that was also different because then you're getting into this space where you have to explain to somebody exactly what you're doing and, and you're not… you can't give numbers of what you're already doing and these are, Yeah. These are like larger guests who wanna know, like, if I am spending my time doing a 60 minute interview with this person, like who's it gonna reach? you know, so- My time is money so what is exactly happening here? Yeah, yeah, like what's the ROY for me? So, you know, that was, that was the first sort of, I guess you could say intimidating step of creating this network because now you're not just, um, am not just pitching for Switch Pivot or Quit a show that people, you know, could potentially be familiar with and it already has numbers and all of that kind of stuff. This is something completely new and I'm asking people to take a chance on me. So that was, um, that was sort of like, one of the later things that I did was I developing all those interviews and then started conducting um, the pitching interviews, conducting the interviews and then like editing the show and all of that. So it's still building. It's still a process. Um, So those are the things I kinda did early on. Is it like for your network, do you want anyone to submit podcasts they think you would like to have on a network or anything like that or submitting things to, um, or jobs you may want, um, have available for freelance or anything like that? Yes. Eventually, um, that is, that is a space in that, that's all in the business plan. <unk:chuckles>. Eventually that is a part of it, uh, but early on is going to be more original programming and I'm gonna basically like slot people in slot hosts into shows that I want to develop already, you know, I want somebody else to produce and help me develop uh, and eventually it will get to a point though where I'm accepting submissions for people, shows that they want to produce. Just to be honest with you right now that I know that there's a lot that goes into that in terms of, um, who has the rights, uh, what do we do if you decide that you don't want to, you know, work with us anymore? Um, and how do we split the revenue and all of those things. Mmh hm. There's a lot of elements to that, that I quite honestly don't wanna deal with right now. Like actively, like I want to put it together and am working on that on the back end, but I don't want to execute on that right now, you know, because I think it's going to complicate things for me too much. Um, and, and um, am a small shop so I have to really focus on the things that I think, um, I can sort of do best right now and then bringing in other people, that's a definite thing that's going to happen, but it's just not the most immediate thing that's gonna happen. Okay. And where are you located? Because I thought like in my mind I put you on the west coast, like California. Is that right? Or you're <inaudible>. Yes, yes right. Okay. <laugh>. <laugh>. I'm like, I don't know because I remember while I was listening to the Podcast, but I was only halfway through my leeks episode that it was talking about when you moved to New York. And am like, I swear, like, <unk:chuckles>. I, I think of her as like Oakland or bay area or something like, I don't really like, you know, think of you and like how I was introduced to you. I believe you were there by then. Yeah, yeah, I was, I was in New York for about seven years. Um, so I spent a decent amount of time there and still like if I, if I look at my Instagram analytics, most of my people are in New York, so I have a very close connection to New York, <unk:Chuckles>. I guess you could say, but I'm definitely in California right now. Hm. Okay. Um, let's see. Is there a number one Podcast tip that you give to other podcasters when they ask you about podcasting? Huh. I would say that because I'm who I am, I don't have one tip, I have multiple. <laugh>. I try and tell people as, as much as I can to set them up in the best direction. So what I would want to share with your audiences, obviously you know, consistency is important, but don't just take that for what people say, like, oh, be consistent, be consistent, know, really understand that consistency is important in the way that if you like something and you go and look for it again, but it has nothing new to offer. How many times are you going to go and check for it before you decide am done with them? You know, they've no longer got my attention because they're not trying to hold my attention. So if you're not consistent, consistent in an audience really starts to like you and gravitate to what you do. It's almost like you're letting them down. You're leaving them hanging, if you don't produce when you say that you're going to produce. So that's one thing that I really try and address to people. Another thing is give yourself time to grow. Um, and really put yourself out there, you know, put yourself out there and all the ways that you can see possible because like we just talked about earlier, the discovery process can be a little bit challenging. So sometimes you gotta think like there is no box when you're trying to get in front of different audiences and when you're try, when you're trying to develop your show and grow your show, it's like, you know, you can look at what other podcasters have done to grow their show, but look at maybe what some you tubers have done Hmm, To grow their platform and try some of those things. You know, cross collaboration is a huge thing. Um getting, doing advertising on other people's Podcasts where you guys are crossing advertising and you're not even a guest, you're just speaking about somebody else's stuff. Just think about ways that you can get out there that may not be normal to the industry, but It may be a damn good idea. You know. So that's, that's another thing that I would, that I, you know, try and share with people. Um, there's just a ton of things that I feel like I do and um, and I hope that sometimes people are just paying attention to because you can do what I do. You know what I mean? <unk:chuckles>. Am always trying new stuff, am always trying new things and sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't or sometimes I stick with it and sometimes I don't, But some, but what am also trying to do is give my audience variety too, mmh, hm. you know, so that they're not constantly like, oh, here she goes again doing that. I already know what that is. <laugh> Yeah. Yeah. Like, I won't even bother, you know, that's a part of the reason why I jumped on Instagram live the way that I do. Uh, because people listen to your Podcast, but that's them just hearing you, them actually seeing you and getting to engage with you in a space like Instagram live, that brings a whole nother element to it. Now they feel like they know you want a different level. It also makes them feel like you're accessible to them, which is great, you know, you want to keep building that connection with your audience. And also I would suggest is to, build community, don't just produce and create your podcast just for the whole of it. Really build community and you may think, oh well we have like 55 people listening every episode. Okay, well really nurture those 55 people, <unk:chuckles>. You know, do something to really make them feel special and let them know that you appreciate them showing up every week, every two weeks, every month or whatever, how often it is to listen to your show and to engage with you because they don't have to. So those are just some of the things that I could you know share of <inaudible>. <laugh> <laugh> I appreciate it because I love all if Podcasting advice and do you do. I remember the class you did with um, I wanna say Christine Carter, Yes. mmh hm, Do you all… uh it was a class on Podcasting. Um, how… are you doing anything else like that? Are you available for consulting like that or Anyway? Yes, I do consulting. So I, you know what I had to switch things up. So I do these things called pick my brain sessions, so pick my brain sessions, means that somebody can sign up for 60, a 60 minute session with me to talk about whatever they want to talk about if they want to talk about developing their Podcasts or if they want to talk about monetizing their podcast or if they want to talk about different show ideas for, you know, increasing their engagement for their podcasts, whatever, um, they can sign up for that. But if they want to just talk about marketing in general, if they want to talk about in enhancing their own personal presence digitally so that they can then help that, you use that to help them grow their podcasting profile and presence. We can do that too. So I have these pick my brain sessions which are basically consultations so that people can tap into what I know in a way that serves them best. Because I don't know what you need, you know, but I know what I know and if anybody is familiar with me and knows what I do and those, my background, I have 12 plus years and entertainment marketing and PR and brand digital, brand styling and all of that stuff. I've self published a book, I've been traditionally published, I've done, obviously, I've done my own Podcast. <laugh>. <laugh> I, I do my own graphics, all of this other stuff. I have just like a wealth of knowledge in multiple different areas. So that's how I allow people to sort of tap into that knowledge outside of what I give for free on my podcast. And um, and I don't have any specific courses that am planning on doing live anytime in the near future. But um, the course that Christine and I did, which was on monetizing your podcast, that's available if you gotta Switch Pivot or Quit.com and click on resources, that one is still available as well as my beginner's guide to creating, launching and marketing a podcast. Now, the one thing I do want to add is that I did, just to make it more approachable and affordable for people. I did create this thing where, um, you can go to Switch Pivot or Quit.com and you can sign up for monthly access to all of the programs that I have for $14 a month. Mmmh, So then, that puts a little pressure on youtube, right? So if you're somebody that procrastinates and you're like, all right, I only want to spend $14 on this, like I want to get my money's worth out of the $14, you know, that means you need to hit it hard <unk:claps> for that month that you have access to all the programs. You need to take every program that you can, go through every course that you can, as fast as you can and get as much as you can out of it. Or You could just keep paying the monthly fee. And you can procrastinate and drag your feet, whatever. It doesn't matter to me, <laugh>. but you know, The information is there. It's there and it gives you easy access to it. So there's like absolutely no excuses as far as am concerned. And on lengthy, um, your interview with my leak in the episode notes because they will all go really deep into like your history of being, working at PR agencies, working for the NBA, traveling the world, um, there's a lot to your story. Like we're really only doing, <laugh>. The podcasting side, which is a smaller side, but there is a lot before this that led up to Yeah. where you are now. True. Um, let's see. So we've done all of that and I… we mentioned Switch Pivot or Quit, but did you want to talk more about it and were there any episodes that you feel like, um, introduce people to Switch Pivot or Quit? Or people talk about like these are the episodes I love most to start people with? Um, he know what? that will be, that's a good thing in terms of like, why can we say before like knowing like the music that you listened to the most. Mmh, I think I briefly looked at which episode is more popular, uh, but I don't remember to be honest with you, <laugh> But Switch Pivot or Quit, the way it's structured is like you can sort of drop in anywhere and not feel like you're behind in the conversation. So the reason that I created the Switch Pivot or Quit podcast is because like you said, I have a story, right? Um, I used to work at the NBA and when, when I got to the point where I needed to make a Switch Pivot or Quit and I was in transition and trying to figure out what was going to be next for me. I used to sit there and I used to like listen to things and, and I really wished that I had a podcast, like the one that I created to listen to, to help me to see what was out there, what the possibilities were, what the options were, what other people were doing, what they were talking about. And then also mixing some of that career advice that could have helped me maybe in some of the sticky situations that you encounter, you know, so that's why I created this podcast. I wanted to be for the person who is in transition and needs sort of like some resources and a little bit of guidance and a little bit of insight from somebody who maybe has been there, done that. So that the podcast is structured in a way that there's interviews. So there's one on one interviews with people, that have made a switch pivot or quit. There's also interviews with people who are more on the, I guess you could say expert side like HR professionals, people that are really good with sales and marketing, people that are good with sponsorships, like all these different things that could help aid you in your journey. Mmh, hm. And then, um, and then I also do some book chats, which is where I read a book that I, that am into and I think could be helpful for the audience and then I talk about it. So really people could sort of like drop in wherever they want. And, and not feel like left behind, but I think one of the more popular episodes was one with myself and my girlfriends. I did that toward the end of the year uh, in 2017 mm-hmm And I have a close group of girlfriends, it's like six of us. And so I brought them onto the podcast. Not all of them were thrilled about it, the way that… they're not really interested in being like on people's podcasts and stuff like that. But we had a lot of really good conversation about, uh, life things, about career journeys, about friendships, all of that kind of stuff. So that, was a really popular episode. And um, more recently, um, I would have to say that, um, let's see, the episode, the episode with Amber Rae, who I mentioned her podcast earlier, um, in the episode is called Can We Talk? Mmh, That episode Was really popular. People loved that one. So if I had to make a suggestion, I would say check that one out too. Okay, I'll link those and of course the whole podcast. In the episode notes so anybody can go back and listen to your episodes and how you said it is really like a resource. Like when I've looked through different, I've listened to the sponsorship episodes and a few other episodes on different things, but it was more I look at the title and look at the episode notes like, oh, that is something I wanna hear about and I can jump in and hear about that and it didn't feel like I needed the last four episodes or something to connect everything together. <laugh>. Right, yeah. Thank you for joining me and Podcast in color the podcast. Thank you for having me. I appreciate your time and um, I hope your network goes far, of course if I can help in any way, let me know. And am thinking about doing… Oh, I haven't figured out a name, um, like a chick podcasting or something in January, that's kind of like just a month of all we're doing is sharing podcasts by women, every day in different forms to kind of just pushed it narrative of like there are different podcasts, there are all kinds of things in like retweeting and re-posting so people can kind of mm-hmm <affirmative> find different things. I like that. Um, so that's something am working on and I'll contact you, but I am about women in podcasting as you are and I do think we need to expand our presence. I absolutely agree and I've enjoyed this conversation. It was so fun. <laugh> <unk:Chuckles> So let me know whatever I can do to support you in your efforts because am here. <unk:chuckles> oh, thank you and have a good rest of your day. Thank you. You too. As I did say before we are coming up that I'll be wrapping up this podcast as it is now in um, in December, so if you wanna to be a guest or anything that you want to contribute or something you wanted me to talk about on this podcast, please let me know because I will do that, I will include it. You can email me @podcastandcoloratgmail.com. I don't always respond to emails, but I do see emails <laugh> and um, if you asked me a question, I will respond. I am this week responding to all emails that I've been saying am gonna respond to for months. Am so horrible at that, um, but I've just been trying to get my life together and other things have been happening. You know, life doesn't stop just because you would like to take a pause and try to catch up. It doesn't mean that I give you that time, <laugh> so am just basically running on a treadmill and am gonna keep going and everything is gonna come together as it should be. Thank you for listening to Podcasts and Color the Podcast and I'll see you in two weeks ish. <unk:silence> I am shutting down my motor site, um it'll be something different, I might just do special shops or different things that you can buy over time since a Podcast in color but as it is, it won't exist just like the Podcast, gotta change that for 2019. So if you're looking in getting one of the shirts and different things like that, um you should go ahead and do that, I will of course be highlighting anyone that's supports Podcast in color financially, so that's paytrium, paypal. If you donate through Podcastincolor.com or buying much. Um, the next month, our new website, so November I'll do that, December I'll do it for… usually I used, I used to say, I was just doing it for the first week, but I do it throughout the month, I will do that through the month of November, December most likely that will only be for that first weeks because I'll be highly… highlighting the top Podcast of 2018 in December and a home page and doing other things around that. And to bring up <laugh> the 2018 top Podcast, if you're looking to be on that list I'll make sure I link that in the Episode notes, I am taking submissions um, things to look at, people to consider and also I do 50, I do a top 100 for Podcast in color. I do 50 myself and I reach out to other Podcasters and listeners for the other 50 if you wanna be one of those people, I have created a form so that I can look at however want to <inaudible> their different Podcast so we're not all doing the same Podcast, of course because the top 100 are still learn about more Podcast at the POC. I will link that form in the episode soon. So all am asking right now is, what is your top five? And you know, we'll kind Podcast and you would most likely highlight and as I said its just making sure that we're not saying this all, like all the people I choose aren't saying the same Podcast because that's not necessary in helping the discovery. And am all about helping discovery. So I'll link those two google forms in the episode notes, first google forms will be if you just wanna submit a Podcast to be considered for my top 50 of the top 100 and the second will be if you'd like to give your top five or top 10, depending on how people are ask to be considered to give theirs, that's how many I'll be excepting from people. So if the top five that you have… either top five or top 10 if you feel like, hey, I wish that my top five was known… this is the form that you wanna do, I promoted everywhere, people usually treat it, its a pretty big thing. And this is my third year doing it, that's kinda crazy. So third year I want this to be of course the biggest year and I hope that you contribute. 